USER	i need a place to dine in the center thats expensive	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have several options for you; do you prefer African, Asian, or British food?	
USER	Any sort of food would be fine, as long as it is a bit expensive. Could I get the phone number for your recommendation?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is an Afrian place named Bedouin in the centre. How does that sound?	restaurant
USER	Sounds good, could I get that phone number? Also, could you recommend me an expensive hotel?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Bedouin's phone is 01223367660. As far as hotels go, I recommend the University Arms Hotel in the center of town.	hotel
USER	Yes. Can you book it for me?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, when would you like that reservation?	
USER	i want to book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking was successful. Your reference number is FRGZWQL2 . May I help you further?	
USER	That is all I need to know. Thanks, good bye.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you so much for Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!	
USER	Guten Tag, I am staying overnight in Cambridge and need a place to sleep. I need free parking and internet.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 4 different options for you. I have two cheaper guesthouses and two expensive hotels. Do you have a preference?	
USER	No, but I'd really like to be on the south end of the city. Do any of those fit the bill?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. Does price matter? We can narrow it down and find exactly what you need.	
USER	No I don't care about the price. Which one do you recommend?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would recommend aylesbray lodge guest house. Would you like me to book that for you?	hotel
USER	Yes, book it for 4 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The booking was unsuccessful. would you like another day or a shorter stay?	
USER	How about for 3 nights?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booked! Reference number is: 84ESP6F5	
USER	Great. I am all set then. Have a nice day. Bye.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a nice stay. Bye.	
USER	Hi there! Can you give me some info on Cityroomz?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Cityroomz is located at Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road in the Centre area. It is a moderatley priced hotel with a 0 star rating. Would you like to book a room?	
USER	Yes please. I need it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on tuesday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How many days would you like to book it for?	
USER	I would like to book it for 3 nights beginning on Tuesday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, Your rooms have been booked. Your reference number is CYJDAR7R . Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	Yeah, I need a restaurant in the west and with expensive pricing.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 9 expensive restaurants in the west area. Do you prefer a certain type of food?	
USER	No, I don't have a preference, but I need the phone number and postcode.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I recommend Graffiti, the number is 01223277977 and the postcode is cb30lx. Would you like me to book a table for you?	
USER	No, right now, I just need the infor. Thanks!	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Can I help you with anything else today?	
USER	That is all. thanks	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our system.	
USER	I am looking for a hotel named alyesbray lodge guest house.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	i have their info, what would you like to know?	
USER	I would like to book a reservation for it. Can you help me with that?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I sure can. First, I will need to know when you want your stay to begin and how many days you'll be staying. Also, how many people will be staying?	
USER	We will be arriving on Sunday and will stay for 5 nights.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Can you tell me how many guests will be staying in the room?	
USER	There will be 8 guests.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Your reference number is 4UFN3SWC . Will that be all for today?	
USER	that is it thank you.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You have a nice day then!	
USER	Can you actually look up a restaurant for me as well?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	sure thing what's the area and or name?	
USER	It's a place called Don Pasquale Pizzeria.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	A very nice place in the centre. Need a reservation?	
USER	Yes, I do. I'll need it booked for the same day, same people, and we'd like to eat at 19:00.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : GVM0PAM2 .	
USER	Great. One more thing. Can you book a taxi between the two places? I'd like to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Contact number 07404031593. You are in a Red Skoda.	
USER	Thank you so much that was all I needed.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright, hope you enjoy the rest of your day.	
USER	i need a train on tuesday out of kings lynn	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time of day would you like to leave?	
USER	I want to leave on Tuesday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you have a time you'd like to leave?	
USER	I'd like to leave after 9:30.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is that 9:30 AM or PM?	
USER	Looking for a train Tuesday leaving kings lynn after 9:30 to go to cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, I'm not seeing any trains for that time. Would you like to try another time or a different route?	
USER	No, I'd like a train leaving after 09:30 departing from Kings Lynn and going to Cambridge. Please take another look?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no trains running at this time. Can I narrow your search in any way?	
USER	Wow...no, I really needed that time. I guess not. Thanks anyway.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I do have a train living at 10:11 of that would work for you.	
USER	Yes, that works. Please book for two people. Thanks for checking again.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It's my pleasure. You're booked with reference HXG3N56O . The total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station. May I help with anything else?	
USER	Perfect. Thank you for your help. Have a great day. Bye.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our service, goodbye.	
USER	Have a nice day.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : HXG3N56O .	
USER	I am looking for a restaurant. I would like something cheap that has Chinese food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I've heard good things about the lucky star. Need a reservation?	restaurant
USER	Yes, could you make a reservation for 1 at 20:00 on Saturday?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FDLFKTZM .	
USER	Thank you so much for your help!	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Thank you! Have a good day now!	
USER	Thanks, you too. Goodbye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good-bye	
USER	Please find me a train from cambridge to stansted airport	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, I can do that but first I need a little more information. What day would you like to travel as well as departure and arrival times?	
USER	Saturday leaving Cambridge anytime after 20:00 please	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR3128 will leave at 20:40 and arrive by 21:08. Do you need more information or would you like to book tickets?	
USER	Can you book me 6 tickets please?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're all set. Total for tickets is 48.48 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is JD6SA21J .	
USER	I am also looking for The Riverside Brasserie.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	riverside brasserie is a modern european restaurant in the centre. Its address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane and postcode is cb21rt. Want to book it?	restaurant
USER	Yes, I would like to book it and get a reference number.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately, I cannot book it at this time.	
USER	Can you try for Saturday at 13:00?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How many people will be dining?	
USER	6 people will be dining	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 3VX3AOKS .	
USER	Thanks for everything you have been great!	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you is there anything else today?	
USER	No that is all I needed. Thank you ever so kindly.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Wonderful. I'm glad I could help. Have a great day. Goodbye.	
USER	I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre if you could help me.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I sure can. There are lots of choices. Are you looking for a particular type of food?	
USER	No, not really. I think I'd like to try something different. Could you suggest something?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is a Korean restaurant called Little Seoul located at 108 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like their phone number?	restaurant
USER	Yes, I would like both the phone number and the postcode please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number for little seoul is 01223308681, postcode cb21dp. Can I help you with anything else today?	
USER	Can I also have the address please?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The address for Little Seoul is 108 Regent Street, City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	I also want to see the travel times for a train going from Kings Lynn from Cambridge on Saturday. It should leave after 09:15.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there a time you would like to arrive by?	
USER	I got that backwards. Need a train leaving Kings Lynn after 9:15 and arriving in Cambridge sometime on Saturday.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR2514 leaves at 10:11 and arrives at 10:58. Will this one work for you?	
USER	Sure. Could you tell me the exact travel time?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. The travel time for TR2514 is 47 minutes. Anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	that is it for today. good day thank you	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a wonderful day yourself. Goodbye.	
USER	I'm looking for a places to go and see during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What area of town would you like?	
USER	I would like to go to the south area please.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	On the south side, your options are the cinema, entertainment venues, museums, nightclubs, parks, and a theatre.	
USER	That's a lot of choices, how about nightclubs? Can you get me a couple of phone numbers for good ones? I'm hoping to catch DJ Squalour from Ibiza!	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The only nightclub in the south is called the place on 22 sidney street. Phone number is 01223324600. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	Yes, I would like an expensive hotel with free parking.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have places that fit that description all over town, except in the north. If area is no concern, I recommend the Gonville in the center of town.	taxi
USER	Is it four star?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	No, it only 3 stars. The Huntington Marriott is 4 stars though. It is also expensive and has free parking and internet.	taxi
USER	Okay well now I need to get a taxi to leave the hotel by 17:45 to the attraction. I will need a contact number and car type.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking completed! Booked car type : red lexus Contact number : 07421633218	
USER	I want to confirm that the booked red Lexus is a taxi, as I previously requested?	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, it is! Anything else needed?	
USER	No that is it. Thank you!	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	you are welcome. enjoy your stay.	
USER	Hi, I'd like to book a train to stansted airport from cambridge. Can you help?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely. Where will you departing from?	
USER	From Cambridge, which is why I asked the Cambridge TownInfo centre.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day would you like to leave?	
USER	On Saturday. Is there a train that will arrive by 15:15?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is! TR7213 leaves at 05:40 and arrive at 06:08 it is 10.10 pounds. Can I book that for you?	
USER	No need to book it. Thanks. But can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the south?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure - The Lucky Star serves Chinese food and Nandos serves Portuguese food. Do either of those sound good?	
USER	The Lucky Star sounds good. That's all I need.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you like to book a table?	
USER	Can you also tell me the postcode?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. The post code is cb17dy.	
USER	Thanks for your help. Good bye.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Please let me know if you need anything else.	
USER	Yeah, could you recommend a good gastropub?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Backstreet Bistro. It's expensive though. There is a moderately priced one called The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar if preferred.	
USER	I would like to book a table at the Backstreet Bistro for 5 people at 16:00 on Thursday.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	No problem. That is booked for you and your reference number is 2VE84YC5 . Is there anything else I can book for you?	
USER	Yes, any suggestions of museums found in the east area of town?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, Gallery at Twelve a High Street is excellent, and has free admission. Would you like more information?	attraction
USER	Can I please have the phone number and address for that place?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly! The address for gallery at twelve a high street is fulbourn and the phone number is 01223295264. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	Great that's all the information I needed today, thank you!	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You are very welcome. Have a nice day. Good bye.	
USER	I want to find an expensive restaurant and serves european food. Can i also have the address, phone number and its area. ?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Eraina is a European restaurant in the centre area. Their address is St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre and phone number 01223 355166.	
USER	thank you goodbye	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you and good bye	
USER	I need a 19:15 taxi to take me to Avalon.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can definitely help! Where are you departing from?	
USER	I will be departing from Primavera.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You car has been booked. It is a black volvo. Can I assist you any further?	
USER	Can i get the contact number please	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, your contact number is 07698022958. Can I assist you any further?	
USER	No, that will be all. Good bye.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're very welcome! Goodbye.	
USER	Where's a good place to eat crossover food in Cambridge?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no crossover locations in Cambridge.	
USER	How about British restaurants in the Centre instead?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 7 in the centre that serve british food. I have 4 in the moderate price range and 3 in the expensive. Did you have a preference?	
USER	I would prefer the british food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have cotto that serves moderate priced food. Would you like to book a table?	restaurant
USER	Yes please make a booking for 8 people at 12:30 on friday.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have made your booking here is the information:Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VVSOH0TQ .	
USER	What's a good college to visit near the restaurant?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 13 colleges in the centre. Is there a particular one you are interested in?	
USER	Any college will be fine what do you recommend? I need the phone number for whichever you pick.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	christi's college is in that area and has free entrance. There phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can assist you with?	
USER	That is all I needed.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for choosing us and enjoy your stay.	
USER	I want a restaurant in the north of Cambridge that is within a moderate price range.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are two restaurants fitting your description, one is Chinese cuisine and one is Indian cuisine. Do you have a preference?	
USER	Please book a table for 4 at the Chinese place at 12:30 on Sunday and give me the reference number.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay you're all set for Sunday at 12:30. Your reference number is F5BTP63A . Can I help you find anything else?	
USER	I am also looking for a train that goes to broxbourne on monday.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 19 trains to broxbourne on Monday leaving every hour starting at 05:01. Is there a specific time you'd like?	
USER	I would like to arrive in broxbourne by 13:00.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The one arriving closest to 13:00 is TR5971 leaving cambridge at 11:01 and arrives by 12:01 in broxbourne. Would you like to book a ticket?	
USER	Can I just get the price on one of them?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	All tickets from cambridge to broxbourne on that day cost 17.90 pounds each.	
USER	Please book one.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How many tickets do I need to reserve for your train?	
USER	Just one, thank you! Please provide me with a reference number.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : T1FGQFDJ . Can I help with anything else today?	
USER	No, thank you. That will be all for today. Thanks.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a great day.	
USER	Find me a train that leaves on Sunday after 14:00 please	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly. Where are you headed?	
USER	I am leaving norwich going to cambridge on sunday and I need a train that leaves the station any time after 14:00	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR5234 will leave at 14:16, would that work for you?	
USER	Yes. Give me the ref number please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	In order to get a ref number I must complete a booking first. How many tickets would you like me to book for you?	
USER	I would like one train ticket please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your reservation for 1 ticket on the TR5234 train was successful. Your Reference number is : PGQKG62W . Is there anything else I can do for you?	
USER	Yes I am looking for a moderate priced place to eat in the east. Phone #, postcode and food type please	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You have three options for moderately priced restaurants. Do you prefer indian or italian food?	
USER	I would prefer Italian but Indian would be good as well. I will need the phone number and postcode of the restaurant. Thanks!	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The place is called The Curry Prince and the phone number is: 01223566388 and the post code is: cb58jj.	
USER	Thanks for helping me with this. I appreciate it! Goodbye!	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	My pleasure. Have a great day.	
USER	I need to book a train to norwich that arrives by 16:15.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day would you like to leave?	
USER	I want to leave on Wednesday from Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR1144 leaves Cambridge for Norwich on Wednesday at 05:36. Would that be good for you?	
USER	What is the price and travel time?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The price is 17.60 pounds.	
USER	And what is the travel time?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It is 79 minutes.	
USER	Thanks! Can you also tell me if there are any multiple sports attractions in the center of town?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	there are not. i do have one in the east part of town. would you like the information for that venue?	
USER	Thats ok. I really want something in the centre. How about any suggestions on a good college to visit?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Christ's college is in the centre of town. Is there anything you need?	attraction
USER	Could you please get me the phone number?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	sure it's 01223334900	
USER	Thank you. That is all that I need.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you, have a good day!	
USER	I need a place to stay that has free wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 32 places that offer wifi, do you have a price range preference?	
USER	could you provide details for something in the cheap price range?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 33 cheap hotels with wifi in Cambridge. Do you have a particular area you are interested in?	
USER	No, I have no preference. Just pick one. That will be fine.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I recommend alexander bed and breakfast on 56 saint barnabas road would that due?	hotel
USER	Perfect. I'll need a room for myself, for five nights on tuesday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Perfect, you are all set for Alexander Bed and Breakfast on Tuesday, your reference number is 22DG5770 . Is there anything I can help with today?	
USER	Nope, that's it. Thanks!	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I hope you not going to sit in your room by yourself for 5 days, are you sure that you dont want to know about a restaurant or attraction?	
USER	Actaully i will be on business so not out much but I do need a train, to cambridge leaving after 21:15	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok great. What day will you be traveling?	
USER	Yes, I need a train going to cambridge leaving after 21:15 on tuesday departing from broxbourne.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have the TR9688, which leaves at 12:32. Would you like to book this train?	
USER	I need a train after 21:15.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 3 trains leaving an hour apart starting at 21:32. The travel time is 60 minutes and costs 17.90 pounds. Would you like me to book one?	
USER	No thank you. I just need the train ID and arrival time for one of them.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR3112 arrives at 22:32.	
USER	Great, thanks for that information on the train. Can you book for a train leaving after 21:15?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How many tickets do you need?	
USER	I need tickets for one person.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your total is 17.89 GBP. You can pay that at the station. Your reference number is RAIYCNJU .	
USER	that is all i needed for today. thanks alot	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	thank you for using this service good bye	
USER	Hi, I'm traveling to Cambridge soon and am looking forward to seeing some local tourist attractions.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many to see! Are you going to be traveling within a certain area of town?	
USER	Actually, yes. We are traveling into the northern part of town.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	If you're heading north, I recommend taking a ride on the Riverboat Georgina.	
USER	That sounds nice but I would like to see about a guesthouse with free wifi.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There at 10 guest houses in the north offering free wifi. Are you looking for a particular price range?	
USER	No, I don't really care about price. Just something in the north that includes wifi.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Acorn Guest house is located in the north , has free wifi and is moderately priced.	hotel
USER	Groovy!! Let get a booking for 2 people and 2 nights starting sunday.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking has been made and your reference number is O0FG9YKT . Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road. Is there anything else I can do for you?	
USER	Yes, I am looking to visit the cherry hinton hall and grounds. Can I please have more information on that?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, that's a great entertainment venue in the East. Their phone number is 01223446104. Is there anything else you need to know?	
USER	No, taht will be all. Thanks, goodbye.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our service!	
USER	Can you help me book a table at a chinese restaurant that's in the centre of town?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great choice! I have 10 Chinese restaurants. What is your price range and we can narrow them down.	
USER	I need some cheap Chop Suey, please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How does the Charlie Chan sound? It is a cheap Chinese restaurant in the centre.	restaurant
USER	That sounds like they'll have some awesome Chop Suey. Please book me a table for 2 on Tuesday at 12:45.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I am sorry but charlie chan is booked for that time. Do you want to pick an earlier or later time, or a different day?	
USER	Can we try the same day for 11:45 please? And can I have the reference number as well, thanks.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great News! I was able to reserve your table for 2 at the 11:45 time. They will hold the table for 15 minutes. Reference number is : GFIL3UG5 .	
USER	Thank you. I am also looking for places to go in the same area as the restaurant.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are dozens of attractions in the centre. What type of activities are you interested in? Museums? Architecture? Boat Rides? Something else?	
USER	I am looking for some type of entertainment in the same area as the restaurant, please.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are all kinds of entertainment choices. Did you have something in mind?	
USER	No, just an entertainment attraction in the same area as the restaurant. Can you make a suggestion?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	What about a museum? The cambridge contemporary art is a nice one.	attraction
USER	That sounds nice can I get their phone number, entrance fee, and address please?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number is 01223324222, the address is 6 Trinity Street, and it is free admittance.	
USER	Thank you so much for your help.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Will that be everything for you today then?	
USER	That will be all. Thank you for your help!	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Glad to be of assistance, have a great day!	
USER	Thanks, take care buddy!	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you goodbye	
USER	I am looking for a train to Ely.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day are you looking to travel?	
USER	I need to leave a little after 8:00 on Sunday, and I'm leaving from Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The closest train I have is the TR3177 that leaves at 09:50. There's nothing earlier on that day.	
USER	That will have to work. What is the arrival time?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The arrival time is 10:07.	
USER	Perfect! That's all I needed to know. Thanks. Have a great day.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a wonderful day!	
USER	I need to take a train from bishops stortford to Cambridge. Ill need to leave after 9:00	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 56 trains traveling from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge after 9:00 between Friday and Wednesday. What day to you want to travel?	
USER	I want to leave on Sunday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How about TR4803 that leaves at 09:29?	
USER	That will work can you book that for me please?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course. How many tickets do you need?	
USER	Actually, I don't need a booking. I just need to know when it arrives, thanks.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It arrives at 10:07.	
USER	Thank you. I am also looking for a park to go to.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 5 to choose from. Is there a certain area you were wanting the park to be in?	
USER	no specific area. just recommend one.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Milton Country Park is a great place to visit! It's in the North and free to enter.	
USER	Great! Please, give me the address of the park.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	milton country park, milton.	
USER	Thank you so much for your time. Have a nice day!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You too, enjoy your stay!	
USER	I am looking for a restaurant that is in the expensive price range and in the south part of town.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are results matching your query. Would you like Mexican, Italian, Chinese, or Indian?	
USER	Let's go with Italian food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Frankie and Bennys is an expensive Italian eatery in the south part of town. Would you like any additional information about this restaurant?	
USER	address and phone number	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. The phone number is 01223 412430.	
USER	Thank you, goodbye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, goodbye.	
USER	Can you help me find an expensive Chinese food restaurant?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What area would you like? There are nine results.	
USER	I'm interested in restaurants located in the East.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, Yu Garden matches your specifications. Would you like me to book a reservation?	restaurant
USER	Yeah, could you book it for 8 people on Monday? I think 16:15 is when we want to be seated.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The booking went through, your table is reserved for 15 minutes starting at 16:15. Reference number is BT75STQI .	
USER	Thanks! I'm also looking for a hotel near that restaurant.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would recommend the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, should I book it for you?	hotel
USER	If that has free wifi that'll work.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, there is internet there. Would you like a booking then?	
USER	Could you tell me the price, address and phone number?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	They are expensive and can be reached at 01223866800. The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Anything else?	
USER	No, that's all for me today! Thank you! Bye!	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I hope you have a wonderful stay.	
USER	I am planning a vacation and really could use some help finding a good place to stay in town. I've never been to Cambridge before.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	which side of town do you prefer and what is the price range?	
USER	It doesn't matter. What do you recommend?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	alexander bed and breakfast is a guest house in the centre area. Would you like to book a room?	
USER	Oh, ok. I really don't want to stay at a guesthouse though. Can you recommend a hotel instead?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Huntingdon Marriott hotel is a very nice place.	hotel
USER	Sounds good. Can you get me a room for 2 for 5 nights starting Sunday?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Reference number is : 36N9VCAD . Is there anything else I can help with?	
USER	What is the train schedule from birmingham new street like? I need to arrive at 13:45.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where would you like the train to arrive, and what time will you be leaving?	
USER	I need the travel day to be Sunday. I'll be going to Cambridge and arrive by 13:45. I'll be leaving from Birmingham New street.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train TR7468 will arrive at 13:23. Will this work for you?	
USER	What is the travel time on that train?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It is 163 minutes on that train.	
USER	Excellent. Thanks for all the help!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are quite welcome, thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?	
USER	Yes, thanks very much! Have a great day!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	ok thanks and have a great day	
USER	You too! Thanks so much for all the help. Please end the convo and read the directions next time. thanks	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Keep the snarky comments to yourself.	
USER	I'm looking to go to dinner tonight and am in the mood for some good Bistro in the centre of town, can you find me some options?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry. There is no matching restaurant. Would you like to try a different food type or area?	
USER	Hmm... let me think. Let's try maybe something italian instead.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are nine Italian restaurants in the centre of town! Are you looking for an Italian restaurant in any particular price range?	
USER	Which of those nine has the best ratings? Can I please have the address and postcode.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I recommend Caffe Uno - it's very nice. They're at 32 Bridge Street City Centre, cb21uj. Can I help with anything else?	
USER	No, that's all. Thanks.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you! Goodbye.	
USER	I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called travellers rest	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It is an expensive British restaurant on the west side of town. Would you like the address?	
USER	Yes, and can you book a table for 1 at 14:15 on Monday, please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok. You're all set for Monday at 14:15. Have a great day.	
USER	I'm wanting a train that leaves on Friday and goes to Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure thing. What's your departure site and around what time would you like to leave?	
USER	I want to leave after 16:45, depart from Birmingham New Street.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The first train will leave at 17:40 and arrive at 20:23. Does that sound good?	
USER	This time works fine for me.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You train has been booked, and the reference number is ZETNNFN0 . You will owe 75.09 GBP when you arrive.	
USER	thanks, i'm also looking for some museums.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	We have lots of wonderful museums. Is there a particular area of the town you would like to find one in?	
USER	Yes, do you have any in the centre?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There's 11 museums in the centre is there a type of museum you'd like to visit?	
USER	Anyone of those would work. Could you recommend something for me? I'll need the phone number, and address as well.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The broughton house gallery is very nice and the phone number is 01223314960 and the address is 98 king street.	attraction
USER	What area is it in?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	It is in the centre.	
USER	Heya, can you find me an expensive restaurant with north african food?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I actually cannot find any expensive restaurants with north african food. There is however an expensive restaurant with african food. Would that be okay?	
USER	Are there any expensive restaurants with gastropub food?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, I have 3. Two are located in the centre and one is located in the east. Do you have a preference?	
USER	Yes, the one in the east please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	One in the East is called Royal Standard. Can I book a table for you?	
USER	Yes, please book it for 2 people at 13:45 on monday.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry that isn't available. Can I try a different restaurant for you?	
USER	No thank you that will be all.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I can assist you with?	
USER	That was all thank you.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you. Good bye	
USER	I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I was told the A and B Guest House was a great place to stay. Can you give me information about it?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely! This is a moderately priced guest house with four stars. There is wifi included. It is located on the east. What else can I help with?	
USER	Do you have free parking? I refuse to pay for parking in a hotel that I am staying at. Wouldn't you agree?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, I would as a matter of fact. And yes the offer free parking.	
USER	Okay, sounds good. Also I need to get a train from Liverpool street to Cambridge.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day would you like to make this trip? Do you have any other specifications?	
USER	Oh wait, you know what? I forgot to ask about star ratings. What's the star rating on the A and B Guest House, please?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It has four stars. Would you still like information on the train?	
USER	The train should leave after 12:45 and should leave on friday. for 2 people please book.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR5015 leaves london liverpool street at 13:39 and arrives at cambridge by 15:07. Would this work for you?	
USER	Does that train leave on Friday?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, that train leaves on Friday.	
USER	I need two tickets.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, two tickets are booked, for a total price of 33.2 GBP, and your reference number is MY04HJ0A, do you need anything else today?	
USER	No thanks, that is everything.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thanks for using our system!	
USER	I need a train to go from Cambridge to Norwich.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day of the week are you looking to travel?	
USER	I am traveling on Sunday	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time would you like to leave or arrive by?	
USER	I would like to arrive by 13:45.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have the TR7438 that will arrive at 12:55. Would you like a booking made today?	
USER	I would like to book that train for 4 people please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	7G6OJ8G2 is your confirmation code. May I help you further?	
USER	yeah, I'm also looking for a place to stay. I don't like hotels, so a guesthouse would be better. Moderate in price.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several moderate priced guesthouses do you have a preferred area that you want to stay in?	
USER	Yes, the hotel should be in the east and doesn't need to have free parking.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	a and b guest house is a guesthouse in the east and it is moderate. Shall I book it ?	hotel
USER	can I have the star rating and idf they have wi fi ?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The star rating is 4 and they do have free wifi.	
USER	OK, that's all I need for now. Thanks.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great. I hope you have an excellent day.	
USER	Thanks you too Goodbye	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great! Have a good day.	
USER	Good day. Might you be able to assist me with a taxi going to Corpus Christi leaving sometime after 08:45?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure I can do that! Where is the departure site?	
USER	I need it to pick me up from gourmet burger kitchen.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The car coming is a White Tesla with contact number is: 07441094025	
USER	Thank you so much.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	Nope, that will do it, thanks!	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Have a great trip!	
USER	I am looking for a restaurant.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there a price range or type of food that you would prefer?	
USER	Not sure of that, I am looking for a restaurant named "ask."	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That is an Italian restaurant located in the centre of town. It is at 12 Bridge Street. Can I call and reserve a table for you?	
USER	I would like to book a table for 5 people on Sunday at 14:15	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I am afraid that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant?	
USER	Yes, a different restaurant in the same area and with the same price range.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes there are 15 restaurants that are a similar price range. Did you still want Italian?	
USER	Type of food doesn't matter. Which is the best one? I'll book that.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your reservation is at the Dojo Noodle Bar at Millers Yard. The reference number is W87AKIBY and the table will be held for 15 minutes. Is that all?	
USER	That is all. Thank you!	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for calling. Enjoy your dining experience.	
USER	I'm looking for a train please.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where are you leaving from and where would you like to go?	
USER	I plan to leave from stevenage to go to Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay. There are 70 trains that go from stevenage to cambridge. Would you like to narrow it down by day or time?	
USER	I want to leave on Sunday and arrive by 12:15.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	trainID departure destination day leaveAt arriveBy price duration book (optional) TR1542 stevenage cambridge sunday 05:54 06:43 10.24 pounds 49 minutes TR5870 stevenage cambridge sunday 07:54 08:43 10.24 pounds 49 minutes TR7802 stevenage cambridge sunday 09:54 10:43 10.24 pounds 49 minutes TR8225 stevenage cambridge sunday 11:54 12:43 10.24 pounds 49 minutes are the opitions	
USER	Thank you, I will check them out and get back to you.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome. Call back anytime you are ready to book.	
USER	That information is very overwhelming. Can you please pick the best option that meets my criteria and book for 6 people.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would like to book the TR7802 stevenage cambridge sunday 09:54 10:43, please.	train
USER	I think you're confused. I need the info, you're the help desk.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I apologize for the mistake. I have booked six tickets for you and your party on the TR7802 train departing from Stevenage at 09:54 and arriving at Cambridge at 10:43.	
USER	That's more like it. And, what's the reference number?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your reference number is DDBA2U1R . The total fee is 61.44 GBP payable at the station. May I help with something else?	
USER	That was all. Thank you	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thanks for using our services.	
USER	I need to get a train going to Stevenage.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I will need some more information. The train is departing from cambridge correct? What day would you like to leave?	
USER	Yes, departing from Cambridge. We'll be leaving on Tuesday, hopefully after 15:15.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How about TR5343? It leaves at 15:21. Your next choice is TR9883 which leaves at 17:21.	
USER	What is the price for TR5343?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It is 12.80 pounds.	
USER	I would like information on pools in the north.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool are in that area. Could I get you info on one of those?	
USER	How about Jesus Green Outdoor pool. Could I have their address and phone number.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, the phone number for jesus green outdoor pool is 01223302579. The address is listed as between victoria road and the river.	
USER	thanks! that's all i need now	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there any other info or booking I can do?	
USER	No, not at this time. Thank you.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay glad I could help.	
USER	I am getting ready to go off to college. I thought while I was in town maybe I could visit one.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Great idea! There are 18 entries found! What area of town would you like to visit?	
USER	I think I'd like to visit the centre.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 13 colleges in the city center but I recommend visiting Downing college and it is free to get in.	attraction
USER	Great! Can I have the address, please?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, it's located at Regent Street.	
USER	Great, thank you very much. That's all I need.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Have a great day!	
USER	I am looking for a high priced hotel in the north side of town	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, but there aren't any places that meet those qualifications. Would you like to try a different part of town?	
USER	How about an expensive hotel in the south side of town?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is one option, it is The Lensfield Hotel. Do you want me to reserve any rooms for you?	
USER	Does it offer free wifi?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes the Lensfield Hotel does have free wifi.	hotel
USER	How about free parking, does it have that as well?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes it also has free parking. Anything else today?	
USER	book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from monday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The booking was successful. Your reference number is 81E1ITXC . Is there anything else I can help with today?	
USER	No that is all I need. Thank you for your time.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	we appreciate you using our services. have a good day.	
USER	Hi, what can you tell me about the bangkok city restaurant?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure! It serves Thai food and is located in the centre. Would you like to book it?	restaurant
USER	Yes for 2 at 19:30 on Sunday please. I need the reference number then too.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I've booked that for you and your reference number is X4W3U0LM .	
USER	I'd also need a train leaving the centre going to kings lynn and arriving by 17:00 on monday.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can certainly help with that. Could you just verify your departure point for me?	
USER	Yes, it should depart from Cambridge.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	the earliest arrives by 17.58	train
USER	Ok, I think that should be fine. Can you make a booking for me?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	sorry, the arrival time is actually 16:58. how many tickets would you like?	train
USER	I need tickets for the same group of people going to the restaurant with me.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked train TR2324. The total fee is 19.6 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is EGIIL92A .	
USER	Thank you so much.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	No that is it. Thank you so much.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Well we are here to help. Enjoy your time here !	
USER	Thank you for your assistance.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.	
USER	I'm looking for a hotel, can you help?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can, we have 9 hotels, do you have anything else to narrow it down?	
USER	It should be in the centre and be on the expensive side.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 2 available hotels. One is the Gonville Hotel located on Gonville Place. The other is University Arms Hotel on Regent Street. Which one would you like to book?	hotel
USER	Can you book the one without wifi?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	they both have internet, for what days and how many people should I book?	
USER	Do either of them offer free wifi?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	As previously mentioned, they both have internet available. I don't have specifications about the internet service however. Would you like to book one of these?	
USER	Yes, please book for two nights beginning on Sunday for one person.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking was successful and the reference number is ELYPAXQZ .	
USER	Thank you. I'm also looking for a museum to go to in the same area.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	there are 11 all with free entrance. Would you like me to recommend one?	
USER	Yes, please. Can I get the address and phone number for the one you reccommend?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	castle galleries is a nice place, their address is unit su43 grande arcade st andrews st and their postcode is cb23bj, anything else today?	
USER	Do you have there phone number?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Their phone is 01223307402. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	Yes, I also need a taxi going between the two places.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	What time do you need the taxi, and which is the destination site?	
USER	I want to arrive at the Castle Galleries by 11:15.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Your white ford taxi booking was successful. Its contact number is 07580691974.	
USER	Ok, thank you for the help.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Was there anything else you needed today?	
USER	I'm looking for a train.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Let's start with where you are departing from and where you are going?	
USER	Departing from ely to cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are quite a few trains from Ely to Cambridge. On what day will you be traveling, and at what time would you like to depart?	
USER	It's on Tuesday. I need to arrive by 9:30 and need to book for 7 people. Could I also get the reference number too?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok I have booked you on TR6971 leaving Ely at 7:35, arriving at cambridge by 7:52 for 7 people. Reference number AQRMT6Q9 . Anything else I can help with?	
USER	One more thing. Can you give me information about an attraction called Ruskin Gallery?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	It's a free museum in the city centre, located at anglia ruskin university, east road. Anything else I can help with?	
USER	What is the phone number for there?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Phone # is 01245493131. Anything else I can do for you?	
USER	That was all I needed today. Thank you.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, have a nice day.	
USER	Please find me a place to dine that's expensive and in the centre.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Fitzbillies restaurant is expensive in the centre of town. Would you like to try that?	
USER	I am looking for Thai food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	we have bankok city. it is located in 24 green street centre. can i give you the phone number?	restaurant
USER	Ok great. Can you reserve a table there for Thursday for 5 people at 15:00 please?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	it was successful. Reference number is : AKNPF1IH .	
USER	Thank you for your help.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your very welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?	
USER	Yes a hotel please.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay. I can help you with that. Can you help me narrow the options down by providing preferences such as area, price range, and type?	
USER	You know what? I don't need a hotel after all. I heard something about an attraction called ballare, could you give me some information about it?	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Ballare is a nightclub located in the centre area. the phone is 01223364222 and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	That is everything. Thank you so much for your help.	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with today - transportation perhaps, or other attractions?	
USER	That is all I need.	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thanks for using the Cambridge booking service and have a great day.	
USER	I'm looking for a particular restaurant called ask. Please give me information on that restaurant.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ask is an italian place in the centre area, they are in the cheap price range. Can I help with anything else?	
USER	Yes, I'd like to book a table for 1 at 17:15 on Wednesday. Can you do that?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book that table for you. Your reference number should you need it, is DFEBH5D1 .Can I help with anything else?	
USER	No. I think I am all set. Thanks.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're very welcome, just let us know if we can help with anything else.	
USER	What fun places can I visit in the East?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	We have five spots which include boating, museums and entertainment. Any preferences that you have?	
USER	I don't have a preference. Which place would you recommend?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm fond of the Cambridge Museum of Technology. Would you like more information on it?	
USER	What is the entrance fee?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	It is 5 pounds to get in.	
USER	Great, thanks! Can you help me find a train going into Cambridge as well?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I certainly can! Where would you be coming from and what day and time?	
USER	I am leaving birmingham new street and going to cambridge; I need to travel on Friday and arrive by 13:15.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	TR0497 arrives by 12:23. Would you like a ticket?	
USER	Yes please. Book the train for 2 people. Please include the reference number.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Reference number is : PYPBSAXI . Is there anything else?	
USER	That's everything. Thanks again and have a great day!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Enjoy your trip! Have a great time!	
USER	Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am super excited to see some local tourist attractions. I am looking for some suggestions on places to go in town.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 79 attractions in Cambridge. There are churches, museums, swimming pool, and many more attractions. What are you interested in doing?	
USER	Perhaps I'd like to see a museum. Are there any in the centre?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 11 museums in the centre area. There is a science museum, an art and antiques museum, and 9 others. What kind of museum are you interested in?	
USER	Does not matter can you just recommend one please.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Castle Galleries is a very nice museum in the centre, and their entrance fee is free!	attraction
USER	Excellent. Can I please have they're phone number and address please?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	They are located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, cb23bj. You can reach them at 01223307402.	
USER	Thank you. I am also needing help booking a guesthouse in the north part of town. Can you assist me with that?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're in luck. There are 11 guesthouses in the north. What amenities are you looking for?	
USER	4 people for 5 nights starting Sunday and I also need the ref # too please	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok great, we have you booked in the alpha-milton guest house at 63 milton road. Your Reference number is : KPUSMIB9 . Thank you!	
USER	Hey, I'm up south can you give me a place to eat?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What kind of food would you like?	
USER	Don't care.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I recommend Chiquito Restaurant Bar	restaurant
USER	Can I have the address and telephone number?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Chiquito Restaurant Bar is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. The phone number is 01223 400170.	
USER	THAT WILL BE FINE.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, goodbye.	
USER	I will be staying in Cambridge. I need a hotel with wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What about a and b guest house? It's in the East.	
USER	I need something in the centre.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 7 hotels which area do you prefer?	
USER	The north part of town	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I ran a search in the north, there's 12 choices. Lets make sure were on the same page, is this the area that you want? Also hotel or Guesthouse?	
USER	Sorry, I've been all over the place. To be clear, I need a hotel with free wifi and parking that is in the centre.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Shall I choose a hotel for you, or do you have a preference? 4 hotels have free parking and internet in that area.	
USER	yes please recommend one. the booking is needed for saturday. 3 nights, 6 people	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	May I recommend alexander bed and breakfast. While it is a cheap guesthouse in the centre of town, it has a 4 star rating and also included internet and parking	hotel
USER	Ok great. Can you book a room for 6 people and 3 nights starting from Saturday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Reference number is : QK6KCZQA	
USER	Great, thank you. I'm also in need of an Indian restaurant in the cheap price range. Can you find me one?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have several. What part of town are you thinking?	
USER	Any will do, what ever you recommend.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Royal Spice is located in the north. It's one of my personal favorites. Would you like me to make reservations for you?	restaurant
USER	I certainly want to try it then. Please book for 6 people at 11:30 on Saturday.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You have been booked at the Royal Spice. Your reference number is WSPAI5JJ . Can I be of further assistance today?	
USER	Thank you . I am all set.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great! And you're welcome, have a great day!	
USER	Can you assist me in finding me an Expensive Restaurant in Cambridge where I can dine? The restaurant should be serving British foods.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	sure, i have 6 options for you	
USER	I'd like it to be in Centre.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would suggest midsummer house restaurant it has great food.	restaurant
USER	Can you make me a reservation for Saturday please for 3 people?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time would you like to dine on Saturday?	
USER	We will be dining at 16:30. Please book a table for 3 on Saturday and provide the reference number. I also need a hotel in the same area.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright, I have your restaurant booking. Your reference number is: DHDB0H4V . What are you looking for in a hotel, so I can narrow down the choices?	
USER	Something in the same area as the restaurant. It should also be in that same price range.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I've got two expensive hotels in the area. Both have internet and parking. university arms hotel has 4 stars. Does that meet your needs?	hotel
USER	Yes, that should be perfect thank you.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you like me to book you a room? If so, i will need how many people and nights you will be staying and on what day.	
USER	I would like a room for three people, just for Saturday night.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The booking was successful I have a reference number and the hotel number for you.	
USER	Can I have the postcode and hotel type, please?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	it is the type of a hotel. its post code is cb21ad. anything else?	
USER	I also need a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I will look a taxi up for you.	
USER	Thank you very much! Can you please make sure that it arrives at the restaurant by the time of my reservation?	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	A grey toyota will be waiting to pick you up, if you have any further questions the contact number is 07137847685.	
USER	Thanks so much!	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Can I help you with anything else today?	
USER	No, that will be all. Thank you!	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thanks for using our service, good day!	
USER	Thanks for all the help.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Anytime, were here to help. Have a good day!	
USER	I need a taxi to don pasquale pizzeria.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	When would you like to arrive?	
USER	I would like to arrive at one o'clock p.m. because I am meeting my husband there when he goes on his lunch break.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, where are you departing from?	
USER	I will be departing from finches bed and breakfast.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright. I have a white honda for you.	
USER	Great, thanks. Is there a contact number for the driver by any chance?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That number is 07303450247.	
USER	Thank you very much. Will they be contacting me?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	They will only contact you if they cannot find you. Thank you.	
USER	Thank you I will be watching the white honda then.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sounds good. Have a great night!	
USER	I am planning a trip in Cambridge.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I am glad that you are visiting, but I cannot help you until you give me something to search for?	
USER	I'm looking for a train from Cambridge to Leicester on Monday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have quite a few trains available that day. Is there any time you would like to depart or arrive by?	
USER	I need to leave after 21:45	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR2919 is leaving at 22:21, would that work?	
USER	Yes, could you book me 2 tickets and get me a reference number?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely. I have booked two tickets for TR2919 at a total fee of 75.59 GBP. Your reference number is 8BG1O6W0 . Is there anything else I can assist you with?	
USER	Yes, i also need a hotel with free wi-fi. I do not mind if it is expensive.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	how about allenbell? it looks lovely	hotel
USER	does it have free parking?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	allenbell has free parking. Should I book it?	
USER	Yes, I need it for Thursday. 2 people 4 nights.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	your all set! Reference # is DQ0Z16N7 . Anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	That is all I need.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a great day!	
USER	Hi, I am trying to find the police station that's closest to my location please.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The nearest police station is in Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG	
USER	Thanks, what is their phone number?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Telephone : 01223358966 there you go	
USER	Thank you, that is all I need today.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Best of luck with everything and enjoy your day.	
USER	I live in the centre of town and want to see if I can find a reasonable room for my parents to stay while they are visiting.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How about the Alexander bed and breakfast in the centre? It is a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free internet and wifi.	hotel
USER	That sounds like it might work. Could you check availability for two people this weekend?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day are they arriving, and how many nights are they staying?	
USER	I am unsure at this time.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, would you like some more information about that hotel?	
USER	Can you tell me what the address is?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The address is 56 saint barnabas road.	
USER	Does this place include free parking?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap, 4 star guesthouse in the centre area, It has wifi and parking. Does this fit your needs?	
USER	You have been very helpful. I have everything I need, thanks. Bye	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I am glad to help. Have a nice day. Bye.	
USER	I am looking for information in Cambridge. I need a place to dine.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, do you have a type of food you are wanting?	
USER	Crossover food would be perfect.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately, there aren't any crossover restaurants in Cambridge. Is there something else you'd like to try?	
USER	Is there a gastropub in Centre?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, I have two that are expensive and one that is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?	
USER	Let's go with the moderately priced option. Can I please have the phone number?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	In the moderate price range, I have one place. It's called the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar. It's located on Corn Exchange Street. Do you need a reservation?	taxi
USER	Not right now, but I am looking for a place to stay. Are there any 5-star accommodations in Cambridge?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, there are no 5-star accommodations anywhere in Cambridge. There are many 4-star options. Would you like to try one of those?	
USER	Do you have one with free parking	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes the allenbell does.	
USER	Is the allenbell a guesthouse?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, it is a guesthouse. It's located at 517a Coldham Lane. Would you like me to book this for you?	
USER	No thank you that will be all	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything further that I can assist you with today?	
USER	Yes, I'll need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel. I want to leave the restaurant by 18:30.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. I booked a black BMW for you. Contact number : 07568490583	
USER	Thank you so much.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're very welcome! Is there anything else i can help you with?	
USER	No thank you! Thanks for your help! Bye!	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	excellent, have a great day!	
USER	I really need to get out of Cambridge! Can you find me a train to Leicester? Sometime after 08:45 because I like to sleep in.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would be happy to help with your request, what day will you be leaving?	
USER	I'll be leaving this place on Saturday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time would you like to arrive by?	
USER	It does not matter.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is a train that leaves at 9:21 and arrive in Leiester at 11:06. Would you like me to book it for you?	
USER	No thank you. What's the cost of the ticket?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The ticket price is 30.24 pounds. Can I be of further assistance?	
USER	I also need the travel time and arrival time please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	arrival time is 11:06 and travel time is 105 minutes	
USER	I'm also looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called cityroomz.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, what kind of information do you need?	
USER	I'd like to to book it for 8 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked a room for 8 for 4 nights beginning on Tuesday. Your reference number is SY5AJ8CL . Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	Not at this time. Thank you.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a fantastic day, goodbye.	
USER	Hello, I need information on the parkside police station.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number for Parkside Police Station is 01223358966, address Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG.	
USER	amazing, thanks for your help	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you want me to call 911?	
USER	No, that's ok. I've got it. Thanks again.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Let us know if you need more help.	
USER	I would like to find a cheap hotel to stay at where there is free parking. Do you have any suggestions?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The cambridge belfry fits the bill, would you like me to book you a room?	
USER	Do they have free parking? are they rated 3 stars?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, they do have free parking and they have 4 stars.	
USER	Did you have something that fits with 3 stars?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I hovw no listing for a 3 star hotel,would you like too try another area ?	
USER	What about a 4 star hotel?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Cambridge Belfry is a 4 star hotel in the cheap price range and is on the west side. They offer free Wifi and parking. Would you like a reservation?	hotel
USER	Yes,please book for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I am unable to book for Tuesday.	
USER	I would like to book for Thursday, not Tuesday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I am sorry, I can't make that reservation either.	
USER	Is Monday available?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	As it turns out, Thursday just opened up. I was able to book it for you, here is your reference number, UGU8T7UB .	
USER	Thanks! Can you also help me find a college to visit in town?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 18 options. Was there a part of town you would like to visit?	
USER	Can you suggest one for me?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I would recommend christ's college in Saint Andrew's street in the centre of town.	attraction
USER	What is the entrance fee and postcode there?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Entry is free. The postcode is cb23bu. May I help with anything else?	
USER	Thank you so much. Good bye	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, goodbye and enjoy your time in town	
USER	I am looking for a place to go in the centre, of type multiple sports.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately, there is not attraction type with multiple sports in the centre areat.	
USER	Is there a nightclub located in the centre instead then?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 5 nightclubs in the centre. Would you like me to send you a list with their address and price information?	
USER	No, I just need the phone number and entrance fee for each of them.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Ballare 5 pounds, phone 01223364222. club salsa 5 pounds, phone 07782218745. kambar 5 pounds, phone 01223842725. soul tree nightclub 4 pounds, phone 01223477900. the fez club 5 pounds, phone 01223519224	
USER	Thank you I also need a train going to Cambridge leaving after 17:00	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are a lot of trains then, can you tell me where you are departing from and how many tickets you need?	
USER	I will be departing from Bishops Stortford on Sunday.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	TR5298 leaves at 17:29 and arrives by 18:07. Can I book you for this train?	
USER	No, that's all I needed. Thank you!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you, enjoy your visit!	
USER	I am looking for a 4 star place to stay.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What area would you like to stay in?	
USER	I'd like it to be in the north, and to be a guesthouse.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great, there are 4 options for you here. I personally recommend avalon. Would you like to book?	hotel
USER	Yes, please book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking was successful. Reference number is : YB23KVSX . Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	No that is all. Thanks for your help!	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.	
USER	I'm looking for a place to eat. I would like it to be an expensive restaurant in the centre.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I found 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. What type of cuisine would you like?	
USER	I'm looking for a restaurant with mediterranean food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have found two restaurants. One is La mimosa, and the other is Shiraz restaurant, would you like me to book one for you?	
USER	Please book the One is La mimosa	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Can I please get the number of people dining,day,and time please.	
USER	Yes, it's for 8 people. 16:45 on Monday. I would like the reference number, if it is available.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That wasn't available. Shall I try the Shiraz Restaurant?	
USER	Yes please try the Shiraz Restaurant.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You've got a table for Monday at Shiraz Restaurant. Your reference number is NS7MCM5B . Can I help with anything else today?	
USER	That will be all. Thank you very much.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.	
USER	I would like to find out information about a hotel called Warkworth House.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Warkworth house is a guesthouse in the east area. It is moderate pricing with 4 stars. It offers free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?	
USER	Yes please. It'll be for 4 nights.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I will go ahead and book your room.	
USER	Thank you. Can I get a reference number for the booking?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	In order to book, can you tell me the number of guests, number of nights and the day of the week you want to start your stay?	
USER	I need to book it to 2 people for 4 nights starting from wednesday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay the booking was successful. The reference number is HZ6B38TH .	
USER	I'm also looking for a train. I'll be traveling back to Broxbourne on Friday.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Will you be leaving from Cambridge.	
USER	yes i will be leaving from Cambridge.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time would you like to leave around?	
USER	I would like to leave after 10:30.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR7372 leaves Cambridge at 11:01 and arrives at broxbourne by 12:01, would that train work for you?	
USER	Yes that will work. I need to book it for 2 people.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	i have booked that for you. your reference number is xhrx4ig7 .	
USER	Can you find me a expensive cafe to eat at once i get off the train?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What type of food would you like?	
USER	I actually don't need a place to eat. Thank you, that is all.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	To be clear do you need me to fine you a place to eat?	
USER	That is helpful.Thanks	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm confused. Should I look for a restaurant?	
USER	No, I'm sorry. That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using this service good bye	
USER	I need a hotel with free wifi and free parking, thank you	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Allenbell is cheap and has free internet.	
USER	I'm looking for something in the moderate price range actually.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Archway House is a moderately priced 4 star hotel in the North. Would you like to make a reservation?	
USER	Yes please book the Archway House.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd be happy to book for you. How many people will be staying, what is your arrival day, and how many nights are you staying?	
USER	I will be arriving on tuesday and I need to book the room for four nights for three people.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok. I've booked that guesthouse for you. Your reference number is YBT4JRTR . Can I help with anything else?	
USER	Yes, I would also l like to find a splendid, moderately-priced place to dine in the centre. That would be just wonderful if you could help me out with that!	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several moderately priced restaurant in the centre area. Would you like a certain type of food?	
USER	I'd like an Italian restaurant, please.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Pizza express Fen Ditton would be perfect for you guys then! Would you like more information or for me to book that for you?	
USER	Yes, just give me the address please.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Pizza Express Fen Ditton is located at Jesus Lane Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with?	taxi
USER	Yes. I would like to leave the restaurant by 11:15 and I would like to book a taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Not a problem! I booked a taxi to depart the restaurant by 11:15. The car type is a blue skoda and the contact number is 07621131070.	
USER	Thank you very much! That's all I need today!	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are very welcome. Have a great day.	
USER	Hi, I need a moderate price range restaurant in the centre of town.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 21 restaurants that are moderately priced in the centre of town. Do you have a food preference?	
USER	British or European would be fine. May I book a table for 2 at 16:00 on a Wednesday and get a reference number please?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The oak bistro is a British restaurant in the centre area, in the moderate price range. Would you like to book this restaurant?	restaurant
USER	Yes. The booking should be for 2 on wednesday at 16:00. Could I also get a reference number?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright, you're all booked! Your reference number is YWEKSO7H . Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	I'm also looking for a place to visit within the same area as the restaurant. Do you have any recommendations?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	We have parks, boats, museums, and many other interesting things to do. What strikes your fancy?	
USER	An art museum near the restaurant sounds nice. How much is the admission price?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum is fantastic, and it's free. Would you like more information?	taxi
USER	I will need a taxi to take me from the museum to the restaurant. Obviously it needs to get me there before my reservation.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	sure! expect a grey toyota and call 07319086162 to contact your taxi	
USER	thank you, that is all I need.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome, please enjoy your time in Cambridge and if there's anything else we can assist you with let us know!	
USER	We will be on the west side of town and would like to find a place to eat while there.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What type of cuisine would you be looking for?	
USER	I want some Scottish food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are none in the area. Another type or area perhaps?	
USER	Yeah, can you check the south please?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no restaurants in that area.	
USER	What a bummer. Find me a restaurant that serves British food on the West please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 3 restaurants in that area that serve British food. Is there a particular price range your looking for?	
USER	The expensive range please. I will need their phone number and address. Also, I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge on Saturday.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Travellers Rest is located at Huntingdon Road City Centre. The phone number is 01223276182. Where are you traveling to on Sunday?	
USER	I need to get to london liverpool street by 13:00.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would suggest train TR0995, it leaves at 09:59 and will get you to your destination by 11:27. Would you like me to book that for you?	train
USER	No need to book. But, can I please get the price of the ticket?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	the price for the ticket is 13.28 pounds	
USER	Thanks so much. That will be all the information I need today. Bye.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Glad I could help, Have a great day!	
USER	I am planning a trip in Cambridge	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What area in cambridge would you like to stay?	
USER	I'm actually looking to book a specific hotel. It is called the Alpha-Milton Guest House.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, can you tell me how many people are staying, how many days you want to stay and when you begin your stay, please?	
USER	I'd like to start my stay on Wednesday, it will be for two nights, and it will be 6 people.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, so you are all booked. Reference number is NM7IWBOC .	
USER	Thanks so much. I also need a train to arrive in Peterborough by 16:45.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you like to take the TR8327 on Friday, it arrives at 16:24?	
USER	I just want to verify that train leaves from Cambridge correct? If so, can you book it for 6 people and provide the reference number.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, that is correct. I have booked it for you, the reference number is IBM6BL8X and will be leaving at 15:34. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	No thank you. Goodbye.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright, have a wonderful visit in Cambridge!	
USER	I am traveling to Cambridge and excited about seeing location attractions. Could you help me find a place to go, like a college?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly. I have many available. Is there a particular area you are looking in? I have several in the west and centre.	
USER	Can you give me the entrance fee for one of the colleges in the centre?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Corpus christi is 2 pounds, which is in centre.	taxi
USER	I'm also looking for a hotel in the centre. I don't want to stay in a guesthouse. It needs to be a hotel.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I can book you at the university arms hotel. It has a 4 star rating, free parking and wifi. Does this interest you?	hotel
USER	Yes. That would be great.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	What will be the first day you will stay and how long will you be staying?	
USER	I want to stay for 5 nights starting on Tuesday.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry but you'll have to book another day or a shorter stay. When would you like to stay?	
USER	Can you see if they have just 1 night available?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking was successful with a reference number of S1HTVV32 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?	
USER	I need a taxi please between the 2 places. I want to leave the attraction by 2:30.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking completed! Please look out for a Grey BMW, their contact number is 07130839627. Is there anything else I can help with?	
USER	Awesome, thanks! I think that takes care of everything I needed.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay great please enjoy your stay and don't hesitate to call us back if you need anything else.	
USER	I'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi and free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are definitely lots of places that provide complimentary parking and wifi. Do you prefer any particular part of town, or are you looking for a certain price range?	
USER	I would like a hotel in the centre and it should be in the cheap price range.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I don't have any hotels that meet your criteria but I do have two guesthouses available? Would that be okay?	
USER	Yes, that would be fine. What are the names of the two guesthouses?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	One id alexander bed and breakfast and the other is el shaddai.	
USER	What star ratings are they?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alexander bed and breakfast is 4 stars and el shaddai is 0 stars.	
USER	Okay may I please have the phone number for Alexander bed and breakfast?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course! The telephone number for Alexander Bed and Breakfast is 01223525725.	
USER	Thank you! I'm also looking for a train for saturday.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, destination, or arrival time?	
USER	I need to leave Cambridge on Saturday, please.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	OK. Where are you heading, and at what time?	
USER	i am going to ely and it should leave by 18:00	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The earliest train leaves at 19:50 and the last one leaves at 23:50. Which one could you like to take?	
USER	Please pick one that meets my requirements.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Then, that would be TR7349 departing at 19:50 and arriving in Ely by 20:07. Do you need any tickets?	
USER	No, Make sure you get travel time, price, and train ID	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train ID is the one that was referenced earlier, price is 3.52 pounds per person, it is only a 17 minute trip. Is there anything else that i can do?	
USER	No thank you.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you need any further assistance with anything else?	
USER	No thank you that will be all	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.	
USER	Let's find me an expensiove place to eat in the centre	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	sure i have 33 options for you	
USER	How about you pick one and reserve a table for 5 on sunday at 11:45, and I'll need that reference number too.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure! I've booked you at Fitzbillies at 11:45 on Sunday for 5. Your reference number is Y5EX13L7 . Is there anything else I can help you with?	restaurant
USER	Great can you also help me get a train? I'm looking to go to ely and arrive by 21:30	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	On what day will you be leaving?	
USER	I will be leaving on Monday	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR5484 leaves at 13:50 and costs 4.40 pounds. is that fine with you?	
USER	Yes, but i need to book four more people as well.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	So I have 5 tickets booked. The reference number is YD9YNVV4 .	
USER	Thank you very much.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you. Is there anything else?	
USER	No, that's all. Good bye	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're very welcome! Have a great day!	
USER	I would like to eat in the Center of town at a expensive place.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	For Town Centre, there are African, Asian Oriental, and British options. Which of these would you prefer?	
USER	How about African? I'd like to book a table for 7 at 16:15 on Tuesday.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked a table at bedouin African restaurant for 7 people at 16:15 tuesday. Your reference number is VAZCWIS6 . May I help with anything else?	restaurant
USER	Nope that's all I needed! Thanks!	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay great. Enjoy your dining experience.	
USER	Can you help me find a place to stay that's four stars and has free wifi?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Twenty one accomodations meet your needs. What part of town are you planning to stay in?	
USER	That doesn't matter as long as it's cheap.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 21 places in that criteria. What area of town? Or perhaps a need for free parking?	
USER	It doesn't matter. Like I told you, it just needs to be a cheap 4 star place with free wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Alexander bed and breakfast is the best option.	hotel
USER	Okay I would like to make a booking for 5 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Will you needing a reference number?	
USER	Yes, of course.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Reference number is : JVC5MSAV . anything else today?	
USER	I also need a train on Friday, departing after 9:00.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok. Where are you departing from?	
USER	i am departing from cambridge	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where will you be traveling to?	
USER	I will be traveling to ely, no need to book, but i need the train number, travel time departure time and arrival time	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train TR8792 departs at 09:50 and will arrive in Ely at 10:07. The total travel time is 17 minutes. Anything more I can help with?	
USER	That is all. Thanks for your time.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your welcome, have a great day!	
USER	I don't know if this is possible but can you please get me some information on the alexander bed and breakfast?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	sure, i have their information. what would you like to know?	
USER	Ah, I just wanted to know it was still open. Could you book me a room?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, what day would you like it for?	
USER	3 nights starting from friday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	A reservation for 1 person?	
USER	No, I would like it for 4 people.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Reference number is : CRLJAWX3 .	
USER	I also need to find an Indian restaurant in the east please.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are a few Indian restaurants in the east, do you have a price range you are trying to stick to?	
USER	In the mid-range would be fine.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Rajmahal is a moderately priced Indian restaurant. How many people will be dining?	restaurant
USER	4 of us Friday at 14:45 I need the reference number too.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your table is reserved, reference #NKKOLWNU . Can I help you with anything else today?	
USER	Yes, I'd also like to book a taxi. I'd like to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where will you be departing from?	
USER	I will be traveling between the hotel and restaurant.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time would you like to travel?	
USER	I would like to get to the restaurant by 14:45 please.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking completed! Booked car type : white honda Contact number : 07125482836	
USER	Great, thanks so much, that's all I need! Have a great day!	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome! Goodbye.	
USER	Can you find me a train from Cambridge to Leicester?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several what day and time do you want to leave or arrive?	
USER	I'd like to leave on wednesday and should arrive by 13:00	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR2176 leaves Cambridge at 09:21 and gets into Leicester at 11:06. Will that work for you?	
USER	What is the price of that train?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The price is 37.80 pounds. Would you like to go ahead a book a seat?	
USER	Yes, I would like to book a seat on that train. Thank you.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Just to clarify, am I booking just one ticket or more?	
USER	yes. also findme primavera's phone number	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 2Z3LQ075 . What else did you need?	
USER	Thanks. I am also looking for the Primavera. It is an attraction.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	yes its a very nice attraction.	
USER	Can I get their phone number please?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	their phone number is 01223357708. can i help with something else?	
USER	No. That will be all. Thank you.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye	
USER	I need a place to eat that is expensive.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I've found 57 restaurants that match your request. Is there a particular area you'd like to dine in?	
USER	In the centre, please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 33 restaurants in that area, do you have a preference of the type of restaurant?	
USER	i want something with malaysian food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I am sorry I have no listings for malaysian food,another type?	
USER	I actually just need an expensive place to dine in the Centre of town.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Kymmoy offers Asian Oriental food. Would you like to book a table there?	restaurant
USER	Yes please. Can you book that for 8 people on Saturday at 15:30?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure thing. I will work on getting this booked and be right back with you.	
USER	Okay, thank you.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	you are welcome	
USER	If Saturday fails, try Monday and provide the reference number. Also looking for a guesthouse in the same area with internet. Provide starts and address please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your restaurant booking was successful. This is the reference number PQA4WKNF . It is for Saturday at 15:30 for 8 people.	
USER	Can you book me two taxi cabs that offer groupon discounts to take us to the restaurant?	taxi, restaurant, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I don't think we have any affiliations with Groupon. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	I'm looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the same price range as the restaurant and should be in the type of guesthouse.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I am sorry but there are no guesthouses matching. Would you like to try a hotel instead?	
USER	A hotel would be fine.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you like me to book it for you?	
USER	What expensive hotel do you recommend?	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are two hotels matching your needs and I highly recommend university arms hotel. Do you want me to book it?	hotel
USER	I just need their address, star level and whether they have internet please.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	University arms hotel is 4 stars located on regent street. They have internet and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?	
USER	Not yet, that's all for now. Thank you for all your help.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for calling. Please call us back if we can assist you in any other way. Goodbye.	
USER	I am planning a trip in Cambridge	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can help plan your trip! What do you need?	
USER	I need a train ticket going to cambridge from norwich on saturday anytime after 15:00	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 9 trains traveling from norwich to cambridge after that time on Saturday. Do you need to arrive by a certain time?	
USER	No it doesn't matter when I get there. Can you pick one, and make me a booking for three people? I need a reference number too!	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay. I've booked you three tickets on the TR9724. Your reference number is J87QHBRM . You'll owe 42.24 at the station.	
USER	Thank you. I also need info on a place to go in the west. Any one will do. Just something to see.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You have a few attraction options in the west area; colleges, museums and even an entertainment attraction. Which one sounds best for your trip?	
USER	Can you recommend one and give their post code?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	How does the Clare Hall sound? The postcode is cb39al.	
USER	That sonds great, thanks. Thats all I need for today.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome! Have a great day!	
USER	Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay in town. I'd like a place with free parking and a 2 star rating, please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ashley hotel is in the north part of town and has a 2 star rating and parking.	hotel
USER	Is it a hotel or guesthouse?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Ashley is a hotel. It's on the north end of town. Would you like to make a reservation here or should we keep looking?	
USER	That's fine. Can you book it for 2 people for 2 nights, starting from Thursday?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure! Your reference number is VEPGFLTA . Anything else?	
USER	No thank you. I appreciate all your help.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.	
USER	I need a train on Tuesday that arrives by 16:45.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly, where is your place of departure and arrival?	
USER	I want to depart from London and arrive in Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	london kings cross or london liverpool street?	
USER	london liverpool street.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have train TR1395 that leaves at 13:39 and will arrive in Cambridge by 15:07. Would that work for you? I would be happy to book your ticket.	
USER	For two people please. I will need the reference number. I also want to stay at the Lensfield hotel.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your train booking was successful. You can pay the fee of 33.2 at the station. Your reference number is 14AXWO0V .	
USER	do you know the lensfield hotel? I need their phone # and how many stars do they currently have?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The lensfield is a 3 star hotel and the phone number is 01223355017. Would you like to make reservations there?	
USER	No thank you. That's all I need for now.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok. Enjoy your stay.	
USER	Hi, I am planning a trip and could use some help with a particular attraction.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, sounds good. What attraction are you thinking about?	
USER	I'm looking for Milton Country Park.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I have found it what types of information can I get you on it?	
USER	Can I get the attraction type, entrance fee, and postcode please?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	It's a Park and there's no entrance fee. It's free for all. The postcode is cb46az. How can I be of further assistance today?	
USER	I'm also looking for a great Italian restaurant on the east side of town that you would recommend.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I would suggest pizza hut fen ditton	restaurant
USER	What are their prices like?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	They are moderately priced	
USER	What is the address and phone number to Pizza Hut Fen Ditton?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The number is 01223323737, and it is in Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.	
USER	Great! Thank you! That's all I needed.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome! Have a wonderful day.	
USER	I'm hoping to book a train from bishops stortford to cambridge. Please list all times for that route.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There's a total of 70 trains. Is there a particular time of day you would like to travel?	
USER	I need to leave Wednesday and arrive after 11:15.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thanks for that information. What time you would like to leave?	
USER	I would like to leave after 11:15.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately there are no trains meeting your criteria. Would you like me to look up another departure and arrival time?	
USER	no, i want that day and time please	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR0516 leaves Cambridge at 11:29 on Wednesday. Will that work for you?	
USER	Well, I need to know the arrival time first.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Arrival time is 12:07 does that work for you?	
USER	Yeah, that works. Can you recommend a 0 star hotel for me?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes I have two guesthouses and 1 hotel in that category do you have a preferred area?	
USER	I'd like it to be in the centre please.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	In the town centre there is one guesthouse and one hotel with 0 stars. Would you like the hotel or the guesthouse?	
USER	it doesn't really matter. Moderately priced located in the centre. I need phone number, hotel type and if they have free parking or not	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	i suggest cityroomz. its a hotel in the moderate price range. their phone number is 01223327978	
USER	Does it have free parking?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, they do have free parking at this hotel.	
USER	Great, thank you. That is all that I need.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, have a great day!	
USER	Hi! I'm looking for a train to Norwich on Saturday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What is your departure site and time?	
USER	From Cambridge and I want to arrive by 20:30.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have a train that would leave at 18:36 and arrive by 19:55. It's 79 minutes long and costs 14.08 pounds. Would you like me to book it?	
USER	Yes please, book it for 7 people.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	All booked and ready to go! The reference number is RJVNE0PT .	
USER	I am also looking for a place to stay. Can you find a 1 star hotel for me that is a guesthouse?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately, there are no guesthouses that meet that criteria. In the area, there are 24 guesthouses, some of them cheap, some expensive. Can you narrow down your choices?	
USER	If there are no 1 star guesthouses, please find me the cheapest one that includes free wifi.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alexander bed and breakfast is a 4 star cheap guesthouse with free interenet and parking located in the centre. Does that work for you?	
USER	Yes Alexander bed and breakfast that has a star of 4 would be great.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, I can book that for you. How many people will be staying and for how long also arriving what day?	
USER	There will be 7 people staying for 2 nights beginning on Thursday.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	My attempt to book your party was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different length of stay, or a different hotel?	
USER	Would 1 night work instead? If it does could I get the reference number please?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, 1 night will work. I've booked the hotel for you, and your reference number is FIINUE5N . What else can I help you with?	
USER	That will be all. Thank you.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Wonderful. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!	
USER	Can you help me in finding a suitable guesthouse please?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 24 guest houses available. Is there a particular area of the city you'd prefer to stay in?	
USER	Yes, I'd like to stay in the centre of town please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have two options for you. Both offer free wifi and parking. The El Shaddai has no star rating or the Alexander B & B has a 4-star rating.	
USER	I'll take the El Shaddai please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure thing. Do you want me to book it for you?	
USER	Yes. I want to book it for 2 nights, 5 people starting on Friday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The booking was successful, your reference code is 8090X905 . Do you want further assistance?	
USER	No that's all. Good bye!	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you goodbye!	
USER	Can you help me find a place to go on the east side of town where I can enjoy multiple sports? Thanks.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There is the cherry hinton village centre. Would you like me to making a reservation for you?	
USER	No thanks, I'd like to call them first. Can you give me the address, phone number and entry fee for Cherry hinton village centre?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Their phone number is 01223576412 and the postcode cb19ej. They are located at Colville Road, Cherry Hinton.	
USER	looking for a train. The train should go to london liverpool street and should leave on saturday	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Where will you leave from?	
USER	I am leaving from Cambridge.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	how about train TR4078 that leaves at 13:39?	
USER	When will it arrive? I need it to arrive by 19:30.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	how about the TR8530? that train arrives at 19:07	
USER	That will work, go ahead and book that.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	For how many people?	
USER	I don't need need reservations I just need a price and train ID.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The train ID is TR8530 and the price is 13.28 pounds.	
USER	ok thats it thank you.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for letting us help you today.	
USER	Hi, I want a moderately priced restaurant located in the south part of town.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Pizza hut cherry hinton is in the south part of town and in the moderate price range. Would you like their location?	restaurant
USER	address and postcode please	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Their address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and their postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y. Is there anything else I can do for you today?	
USER	No, thank you, goodbye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	enjoy your meal!	
USER	I would like inexpensive Turkish food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry I do not show anything available. Would you like to try something else?	
USER	Ok, how about an Italian restaurant?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 5 listings matching your criteria. Do you have a preference on the area?	
USER	I do not have a preference of area as long as it's cheap. Please make a suggestion.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ask is an Italian restaurant in the cheap priced category, and is the centre of town.	restaurant
USER	Can I get the address and phone number?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ask is at 12 Bridge Street City Centre and can be reached at 01223 364917. Can I help you anything else today?	
USER	No, thank you. Good bye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, enjoy your food.	
USER	Hi! Would you please help me find a hotel to stay at?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly, what can I use to narrow down your search?	
USER	It needs to be 2 star, have free parking and free wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have 3 results. What area are you interested in staying in? And what price range?	
USER	I do not have a preference. Please pick one and get me a booking for 8 people for 3 nights staring from Friday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel. Your booking was successful. Reference number is : 79F1XIW2 . Is there anything else I can help you with?	hotel
USER	i also need a train that should leave after 16:45 destination bishops stortford	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I see a departing train leaving at 17:29.	
USER	I need to travel on Monday, departing Cambridge. Does that make a difference?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That train still meets your criteria. Train TR2530 departs Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Monday at 17:29. Would you like me to book this?	
USER	Yes, I need 8 tickets. And could you provide the reference number?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 99VHJ3AR . Do you need anything else?	
USER	No thanks, that will be everything.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It was a pleasure to help you. Have a good day.	
USER	Thank you for your time goodbye!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	thanks for using our services	
USER	I need to book a train from stansted airport to cambridge, can you help me?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, what day will you be traveling?	
USER	monday, after 11:15	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 13 trains that match. Shall I reserve any tickets for you?	
USER	Can you reserve 6 tickets on the next train after 11:15?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I reserved you 6 seats on the TR5754. It leaves at 11:24. The total fee of 60.59 GBP is payable at the station. Your reference number is : 1IBJMMM8	
USER	Great sounds perfect!! Thank you so much for all your help.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	No problem. Have a great day and trip. Goodbye.	
USER	I would like a restaurant that serves world food	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Im sorry, there are no restaurants that serve world food. Can I help you with something else?	
USER	How about portuguese food?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Nandos serves Portuguese and is located in the south part of town and is in the cheap price range.	restaurant
USER	What is the phone number and address?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number is 01223 327908, and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. May I help you with anything else?	
USER	Thank you goodbye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Goodbye.	
USER	Can you find me an expensive restaurant in the north?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are five expensive places to dine in the North. Would you like to try asian oriental cuisine?	restaurant
USER	Yes. That's exactly what I'm looking for.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Saigon City at 169 High Street Chesterton fits the description. Shall I make a reservation for you?	restaurant
USER	Yes, please. Can you make a reservation for 7 people at 12:30 on a Tuesday? Thanks	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I made a reservation for you at Saigon City for a party of 7 on Tuesday at 12:30. Your reference is N2FHZ30Y . Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	Wonderful. I'm also looking for a cool place to check out in the same area.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 79 attractions, would you like to try cineworld cinema?	
USER	I actually want to find a museum and it should be in the same area as my restaurant	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sorry, I'm not seeing any results. Want to try a different type or area?	
USER	Let's try for a boat type instead then	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There is one listing here. It is riverboat georgina. Its entrance fee is unlisted but the address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, postcode cb43ax and phone 01223902091	
USER	Thanks, I don't need anything else today! bye!	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok. Have a great day.	
USER	Hello, do you have any information regarding interesting theatres to visit in the centre of town?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure thing, there are four theatres in the centre of town. ADC Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre, and The Cambridge Corn Exchange.	
USER	I'm interested in one of the theatres! Can I get the entrance fee information for those?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, but none of the theaters list the entrance fee. Would you like the phone number for any of them?	
USER	That's okay, could you provide me with the postcode and address, please? Also, I am looking for a train leaving after 16:00 this Monday.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The ADC Theatre is located on Park Street and its postcode is cb23pj. Before I find your train, could you tell me where you would like to go?	
USER	Of course, silly me :P I am looking for a train from cambridge to stevenage	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR0254 leaves Cambridge at 17:21.	
USER	Awesome, thank you very much! I'm pretty sure that's all I need right now, but I'll be back if I think of anything else. Later!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Great thank you for using our system.	
USER	Yes, I am hoping you can give me some information on a train.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Can you please give me more information? There are numerous trains leaving on Friday to Cambridge.	
USER	I am leaving cambridge on Tuesday and going to Birmingham new street.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, there are plenty of trains that match your requirements. Did you have a particular time of day you were wanting to travel on Friday?	
USER	I would like to leave after 21:45.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are two trains that fit your criteria. One will arrive at 24:33 and the other at 01:44. Which suits your needs?	
USER	How about the one arriving at 01:44.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How many tickets can I book for you?	
USER	What is the travel time for the one arriving at 1:44.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The travel time for TR4724 is 163 minutes.	
USER	I would also like to go to a museum.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 23 museums available. Which part of town do you prefer?	
USER	I'm fine with any area of town.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	we have lovely museums in the east, west, south and centre. I prefer the byard art myself that's in the south	attraction
USER	I would like to give that a try. What is the entrance fee, phone number and area?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	byard art museum is located in the south part of town. Their entrance fee is free. Their phone number is 01223464646. Can I further assist you today?	
USER	Thanks so much. That's all I need. Goodbye!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome! I hope you enjoy your time at the museum. I am happy to have been able to assist you.	
USER	I need a South restaurant with british food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry but I cannot find any british food located in the south part of town.	
USER	Is there a chinese restaurant in the south part of town?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I've found three Chinese restaurants in the south part of town. Does price range matter to you?	
USER	No, any price range is fine. I would just like to know the address and price range of one of the restaurants.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Peking Restaurant is an expensive Chinese restaurant that is located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	No, thank you.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you.	
USER	Are you able to find me a french expensive restaurant?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 2 expensive French restaurants. Restaurant Two Two, and Cote. Which would you like to book?	
USER	I like the sound of Restaurant Two Two, could you give me their postcode, address and phone number?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Restaurant Two Two is located at 22 Chesterton Road, Chesterton. Their postcode is cb43ax. You can reach them at 01223351880. Any other information I can provide?	
USER	No, that's everything I needed today. Thank you.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!	
USER	I want to know where I can go in the town centre of Cambridge.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many places to go in the centre. Are you looking for an attraction or restaurant?	
USER	An attraction of any type would be fine as long as it's in the centre, please.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I could recommend old schools. It is architecture and free to see. Would you like more information?	attraction
USER	Yes tell me one of those recommendations.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Old Schools is an architectural attraction on Trinity Lane that has no entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223332320. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	Can you provide me the full address including postal code? Thanks.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The address listed for Old Schools is simply Trinity Lane. And their postcode is cb21tt. Is there anything more I can do for you today?	
USER	Yes, I would also like to find an expensive restaurant in the same area.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	What kind of food would you like and what price range	
USER	I would prefer British food and an expensive price range if possible.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have three restaurants in the town centre that meet your needs. Might I suggest the Cambridge Chop house or Fitzbillies restaurant?	
USER	Can you please recommend one and give me their postcode and phone number?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The Cambridge Chop House is a favorite of mine. It's located at 1 Kings Parade. Would you like me to book it for you?	
USER	No thanks, but I am interested in getting a tax from Old Schools to the Cambridge Chop House. Can you help?	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	What time will you be needing the taxi service for?	
USER	I would like to leave Old Schools by 19:00.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay your all set! A red lexus will be picking you up the contact number is 07885505407, is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	Thank you that will be all I need.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm happy to have been of service. Goodbye!	
USER	Can I please get a train ticket from Norwich to Cambridge?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have many trains available but to help find the right one could you provide me with what day you will be departing and your departure time and arrival?	
USER	I will be leaving after 15:15 on Tuesday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR4180 leaves at 15:16. Does that work for you?	
USER	Perfect, can I get 8 tickets?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 140.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : CO0GWJCJ . Can I help you with anything else today?	
USER	i am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of park.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	We have a lot of excellent options. Is there a particular area you'd like to visit?	
USER	Yes, I would like to visit a park.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are parks in the centre, east, north and south. Could you please let me know which area you prefer?	
USER	The area doesn't matter, can you recommend one?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There is the Cherry Hinton Water Play park in the east. It's free to get into.	attraction
USER	Can I get the phone number and the postcode?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, the phone number is 01223446011 and the postcode is cb18dw. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	Yes, I would like to find a park to go to. I will need the phone number and postcode. Also, what is the entrance fee for this? Thanks!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	It is free admission.	
USER	Okay, that's all I need, thank you so much!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a nice day, goodbye.	
USER	I'm looking for a hospital, specifically the Addenbrookes Hospital.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I am looking for the main line at the hospital	
USER	I would like the postcode and address please.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and the postcode is CB20QQ. The phone number is 01223245151.	
USER	Ok, I'll call an Uber.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I can do for you today?	
USER	No, thank you again.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, have a great day!	
USER	That is all I need. Thanks	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a great day!	
USER	Could you help me find a 0 star hotel?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The cityroomz is a 0 star hotel in the moderate price range. It is in the centre of town. Would you like me to book it for you?	
USER	Is the cityroomz a guesthouse? That's what I'm looking for.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	No, Cityroomz is a hotel. The City Center North B&B or the El Shaddai are 0 star guesthouses.	
USER	You know what, the hotel will actually work for me. Can you tell me where Cityroomz is located?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. It's in the centre on Station Road. Anything else?	
USER	Yes, can you book that for me for 5 people and 4 nights? I need it on Sunday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sorry, that booking wasn't available. Maybe another day or a shorter stay would work?	
USER	How about two night?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That worked. Your reference number is YZMQ4JNN .	
USER	Thank you, good bye.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a wonderful time, good bye.	
USER	Good morning, I need help finding a restaurant that serves bistro in the moderate price range.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I couldn't find a restaurant with the attributes you are looking for. Would you like something else?	
USER	How about one with british food?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 5 restaurants serving british food. Do you have a preferred area?	
USER	I do not have a preferred area. Which ones have a table available for 6 people at 12:30 on Tuesday?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there a price range you would prefer to stay within?	
USER	No I do not need to stay within a price.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have Restaurant One Seven in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book a reservation?	restaurant
USER	Yes, please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The booking was unsuccessful, do you have any other preference?	
USER	I just need a restaurant in the same area and has the same price range.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. I booked you a table in the oak bistro which is in the center part of the town. Your reservation number is CMJ6WM0Z .	restaurant
USER	Great, thanks for that. See you!	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, I'm here to help you. Bye!	
USER	I'm looking for a hotel called Kirkwood House please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I've located Kirkwood House. It's a guesthouse in the north. Would you like to book a room?	
USER	May I please have the phone number for the hotel?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely. That number is 01223306283.	
USER	I'm also looking for some places to go while I'm in town.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is boating, a park, and some swimmingpools in the north. Any preference?	
USER	I would like it to be a museum please.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry there are no museums in the north. Would you like me to check a different area?	
USER	How about in the south?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	How about the byard art museum the phone number is 01223464646.	
USER	How much is it to get in that place? And what's their postcode?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Entrance is free, and the postcode is cb21sj. Can I help with anything else?	
USER	No that was all I needed. Thanks so much.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our system today!	
USER	Can you help me find a moderately priced place to eat located in the centre?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly, there are many restaurants that fit that criteria. Do you have a food type preference?	
USER	Yes, do any serve international food?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 2. The varsity restaurant and bloomsberry. Both serve international food and are in the moderate price range. Do you have a preference?	restaurant
USER	Can you check to see if either has booking for 5 people at 17:15 on monday?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Neither are available at that time. Would you like to try a different time?	
USER	No, I need 17:15 on Monday. Perhaps a different restaurant in the centre with moderate prices? Any cuisine is fine.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book you for the yippee noodle bar, your reference number is E6ERFBKG	restaurant
USER	Thank you and goodbye	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Good bye to you, let us know if you need us again.	
USER	Yes, could you help me find the Parkside Police Station please?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Parkside Police Station is located at Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG. The phone number is 01223358966. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	Thank you. That's all I need.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for contacting us.	
USER	Can you help me find a place to stay that is expensive and includes free parking?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely, what area were you wanting to stay in?	
USER	Area doesn't really matter, but I would like a 3-star place with internet.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are two hotels that meet your preferences. I suggest the Gonville Hotel as it's in the city centre.	
USER	Could you give me the address, please?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	They are located at gonville place. Would you like to book a room there?	
USER	Nah, not right now. I do need info on a train though. What's the schedule like on Sunday trains leaving cambridge?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'll be happy to help you with that. Where would you like to travel to?	
USER	How about a train that will arrive by 12:15 heading to london liverpool street?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train TR0995 arrives by 11:27. Would you like me to book you a ticket?	
USER	Yes, that sounds perfect. Can you make me a booking for 1 person please?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 39JEV1T5 .	
USER	Excellent, thank you!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	Thank you for your help.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome. Let us know if you need anymore assistance.	
USER	Can you help me book a taxi please?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes what is your departure site?	
USER	I am departing from sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time do you want to leave ?	
USER	Good Morning, I am looking for a place to on the east side that has entertainment	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, cherry hinton hall and grounds is in the east side of town. Would you like the address?	
USER	Yes, and the postcode please!	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	cb18dw is their postcode.	
USER	Thank You. I think that's all I need.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.	
USER	I want to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The cambridge chop house serves british food, it is in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range.	restaurant
USER	Great, what is the postcode and phone number?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The postcode is cb21sj and the phone number is 01223359506.	
USER	I also need a train from Cambridge to Stansted Airport. Can you please look that up for me.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	i got 5 choices. what time do you want to leave?	
USER	I just need to leave on Wednesday and should arrive by 18:15.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train TR2912 arrives at Stansted Airport at 17:08. Would you like to reserve a ticket?	
USER	What is the departure time?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I will be leaving at 17:00.	
USER	Ok, thank you. That is all the information I need today.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	OK, if that's all you need, I'm happy to have been of service! Have a wonderful day.	
USER	What are my options for cheap restaurants in the city center?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 15 options to choose from. Is there a particular style of food you would like?	
USER	I don't have a style preference.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Well how about Asian oriental? I have several good but cheap options.	
USER	That sounds wonderful, can you book a table for 5 on Tuesday at 15:15?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly! I have made a reservation at dojonoodlebar for the time specified and number of people in your party. Enjoy the restaurant!	
USER	I would like a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Do you think you could find one for me?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What part of town would you like to stay in?	
USER	I have no preference, but the guesthouse should include free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Acorn guest house meets all your needs, would you like to book that?	
USER	That's perfect. I would like to book it for 1 person. It needs to be for 4 nights beginning Saturday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, but the Acorn Guest House doesn't have those dates available. Would you like to try for a different day or shorter stay?	hotel
USER	Yes, please try booking for 2 nights.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking for 2 nights at the Acorn Guesthouse was a success! Your reference number is R4ES2ZFT . What else can I do for you today?	
USER	Are there any attractions to see in town? I'm interested in going to a museum if any exist.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	We have 79 museums listed. Would you like a certain area of town?	
USER	Which is your favorite museum? If you'll get me their postcode, entrance fee, and phone number, I'll give them a call.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I would recommend the Broughton House Gallery. It has a free entrance.	attraction
USER	Ok, that sounds great.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The postcode is cb11ln and address is 98 King Street. The phone number there is 01223314960. Anything else?	
USER	Yes, I'd like to get a taxi from the hotel to the museum please.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	When do you want to leave?	
USER	I'd like to leave the Acorn by 5:00 if possible.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Your taxi booking was a success! The taxi will be a red Lexus with contact number 07432305998.	
USER	Okay great! That is all I need. Thank you.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	I am happy to have helped. Thank you, have a nice day. Good bye.	
USER	I am looking for a hotel that gives me free parking and free wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have many with those features. Do you have any other preferences to narrow it down, such as price range or location?	
USER	Oh, I would like a guesthouse that is moderately priced please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many, can I get the area you are looking for to narrow it down a bit?	
USER	I don't care about the area. As long as I can have it booked for 3 people starting on Tuesday for 5 nights.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have the Arbury Lodge in the North that meets your needs. Would you like me to book a room there?	
USER	Yes, please book Arbury Lodge for me.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The booking was successful, reference number is POHIT2CO .	
USER	Thank you! That's all for today. Goodbye!	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have an enjoyable stay. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Good bye.	
USER	Hi, Can you help me find a train from Norwich to Cambridge?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would be happy to help! What day would you like to travel?	
USER	I would like to arrive wednesday at 16:45.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is a train which departs at 15:16 and arrives at 16:35 would you like me to book that one?	
USER	No need to book it today. I would like the price and travel time if you have it there, though.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The price is 17.60 pounds and travel time is 79 minutes. Can I assist you with anything else today?	
USER	I also need a hotel with free parking.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have 29 hotels that may be what you need. Is there a certain area or price range you are looking for perhaps?	
USER	I'd like a guesthouse with a star of 4, please.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The archway house meets your criteria. Do you need help with booking?	hotel
USER	Yes please, I need it for 4 people, 3 nights starting on Wednesday.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately, that length of stay is not available. Would you like to try again for a shorter stay?	
USER	How about 1 night at the archway house for 4 people. Please book and provide a reference number. Thank you.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Reference number is : FEK7TT66 . Is there anything else?	
USER	That's all I needed today, thank you	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.	
USER	Is there any place here in the centre that serves corsica food?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What price range are you looking for?	
USER	Any price range will do.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no restaurants available matching your criteria. Would you like to try a different area, price range, or food type?	
USER	Are there any restaurants in the centre that serves North American type of food?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes. The gourmet burger kitchen serves north american food and is located in the centre part of the city. Would you like their location?	restaurant
USER	Can I get the phone number?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number for gourmet burger kitchen is 01223 312598.	
USER	Thank you. Good bye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.	
USER	I need a cheap place to eat on the south side of town.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great, I have two places to recommend. Nados serves Portuguese and the Lucky Star serves Chinese. Which one do you like?	
USER	Nados serves Portuguese sounds good can I get a address, food type, and phone number?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and the phone number is 01223327908.	
USER	Excellent. I also need to find a place to stay while in town. Can you help me find a cheap hotel?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes I can help. Will you be staying on the south side as well? Do you have any accommodation requirements? Thanks.	
USER	Yes, I'll be staying on the South side so a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free wifi will do	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I found Rosa's Bed and Breakfast for you. Would you like me to book it?	hotel
USER	Can i just get the address please?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure the address is 53 Roseford Road. Do you need anything else?	
USER	No, that's all I need.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, I will go ahead and sign off then. Let me know if you need anything else.	
USER	I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves Scandinavian food	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	No results for your query have been found. Would you like to try again?	
USER	Are there any cheap restaurants that serve Italian food?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, there are five options for cheap Italian food. Three are located in the centre of town, one in the north, and one in the west part of town. Do you have a preference on area?	
USER	It really doesn't matter, but I suppose the north. Can I get the address and phone number please?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course. Da vinci pizzeria is at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, and the number is 01223 351707.	
USER	Thank you for your help.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, enjoy your food.	
USER	Please find for me the location of Addenbrookes Hospital.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is is located on Hills Rd in Cambridge. Postcode: cb20qq.	
USER	What is the phone number?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The number is 01223245151. Is there any department that you're looking for?	
USER	I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of hotel	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are quite a few hotels that fit that description. Do you have a preference as to area or price range?	
USER	I would like something in the east with 2 stars.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It looks like the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge will work well for you. Would you like me to book that?	hotel
USER	Does it have free parking? Can you provide me with the contact details of this hotel?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, it offers free parking. The phone number is 01223866800.	
USER	thanks. What's the address?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Would you like a reservation?	
USER	That's not necessary, thanks.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. May I help you with a taxi or restaurant booking?	
USER	That was all. Thank you	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!	
USER	I'm interested in finding a train to peterborough on Wednesday please	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can help! What time are you looking to depart?	
USER	on wednesday by 8 15 please	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, I've got train TR3730 that leaves at 07:06 and would put you in Peterborough by 07:56. Would that work for you?	train
USER	Yes that will work great can you book me 2 tickets?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 33 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : J7JWEILX .	
USER	Great, I'm also looking for a swimming pool in the north. Can you find me one?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 2 to choose from - Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and Kings Hedges Learner Pool. Which would you prefer?	attraction
USER	Either is fine, I just need the postcode.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The postcode is cb43px. Anything else.	
USER	No that takes care of all my needs for now. Thanks! Bye!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome. Glad I could help.	
USER	I'm looking for a multiple sports attraction in the area of center.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	We currently do not show any locations that fit that criteria. Would like me to look in a different area?	
USER	No, How about a swimming pool in that area?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Parkside Pools is located at Gonville Place. I do not have the entrance fee available, but the phone number is 01223446100 and the postcode is cb11ly	
USER	Thank you for the phone number. Thanks for the help!	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	I am also looking for a train leaving friday.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 404 trains that day, what destinations do you need?	
USER	I am looking to depart cambridge, head to ely, and arrive by 18:30	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright, there are seven trains that meet that requirement, starting at 5:50 and running once an hour every hour until 17:50. Would you like me to book any of these trips?	
USER	Yes, please book for 1 person the train that departs at 17:50.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful for TR9933, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : P4U5T2N6 .	
USER	Thank you for all your help.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	That's everything I needed, thank you very much for your time!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Enjoy your trip!	
USER	Can you find me a 3 star hotel in the centre?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Gonville Hotel meets your requirements. Would you like me to book you a room?	hotel
USER	Does it have free wifi? I need wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, they do offer free internet. Would you like me to make a booking?	
USER	Yes. I want to book it for 1 person. I want to stay for 5 nights starting from Wednesday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I am sorry Booking was unsuccessful,can I help you find another place to stay?	
USER	Yes please. Another 3-star hotel in the centre with free wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I do not have another 3 star hotel in the centre that meets your requirements. Would you like to try another area?	
USER	Do you have any hotels in the same price range as the Gonville Hotel?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The only other hotel that matches your requirements is the lensfield hotel located in the south. Would you like me to make a booking?	hotel
USER	Yes please book a room there.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great your booking was successful Your reference number is 9GBHVFZW . Anything else today?	
USER	Thank you for all of your help.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your welcome. Have a good day.	
USER	I would like to book a train.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day do you need the train? What is your destination?	
USER	I am sorry I mean I want a nightclub to go in the wast side of town.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately, there aren't any in that area. How about another location?	
USER	how about one that is in the type of museum.and make Make sure you get address	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Kettle's yard is museum in the west part of town. It is located on castle street.	
USER	I also need a moderate priced room.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	great! what area of town are you thinking of?	
USER	I'd like it to be a guest house in the north.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	okay, I can help you with that. When are you planning your stay?	
USER	I'm not sure yet. I'm really researching right now. Can you please recommend a guesthouse in the north in the moderate price range?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I've got 9 guesthouses in that price range. Do you need internet and/or parking?	
USER	No but I do need to know if they have internet, free parking, and the address of the guesthouse of your choice, thanks!	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have found 7 hotels now that match your criteria for parking and internet. Would you like me to choose on for you?	
USER	Yes, please tell me your favorite guesthouse in the north and let me know their address and whether they offer free Internet and parking.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I recommend Acorn Guesthouse. They are in the moderate price range and have 4 stars. They offer both free internet and parking. May I reserve you any rooms?	hotel
USER	Yes, please, I would appreciate that.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok great, and how many people and nights?	
USER	I actually don't need a room. I just need the address please.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	154 chesterton road	
USER	Thank you, that is everything, sorry for being so annoying in the process.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	No worries at all. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy your stay.	
USER	I'm looking for some place to go in the town centre. Something sports related.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I am sorry but I have nothing in that area for sports. Would you like to try another area or attraction today?	
USER	OK, are there any colleges in the center of town?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 13 colleges in the centre area. Christ's College and Downing College are two of these, would you like some more information on one of these?	
USER	Yes, Christ's College. What is the entrance fee for that college?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, I cannot look up the entry fee to Christ's College. Is there anything else I can do for you today?	
USER	I also need a restaurant in the same area.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, there are many nearby, do you have a type of cuisine you are looking for or a price range to look at?	
USER	I'd like something moderately priced.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The yippee noodle bar is in the centre and moderately priced. Would you like more information?	restaurant
USER	Yes, I'd like the post code. Also, if you can't get it for Christ's College, do you know the entrance fee for Downing College, by any chance?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The postcode of yippee noodle bar is cb11lh. Christ's college is free to enter.	
USER	Thanks! I think you covered everything I need. Have a good one. Bye.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please contact us for your future travel needs.	
USER	I need a train on Tuesday that goes to london kings cross.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are ten trains on tuesday to that location. What time would you like to depart?	
USER	I want to leave by 19:30.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have a train leaving Cambridge at 11:00 to go to London Kings Cross by 11:51, TR6925. Does this sound acceptable?	
USER	Well I need it to leave after 19:30 and I would like to make a booking for 5 people on Tuesday and I will need a reference number.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : MMHRON1T .	
USER	i am also looking for information about the hamilton lodge.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The hamilton lodge is a guesthouse in the north area. Would you like a booking?	
USER	Can you tell me if they have free internet?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	They do indeed have free internet as well as free parking.	
USER	Ok. Thanks. All set.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I can get for you today?	
USER	No, that would be all for today. Thank you for all your help.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome, enjoy your stay.	
USER	I'm looking for a restaurant that serves international food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are three international restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a price preference?	
USER	I would like to find a moderately priced place and I need a reservation for 4 people at 12:15 on a Thursday.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay I have the Bloomsbury and the Varsity restaurants. But I was unable to reserve either. Is there another time that would suit you?	restaurant
USER	Yes, could you make it for 11:15, and can you give me the reference number?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright, I have booked you a table for 11:15 at the varsity restaurant. Your reference number is HM90EAET . Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	I am looking for some entertainment, do you know anywhere I could go in the centre of town?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately I don't see anything entertainment related in the centre of town. How about another area of the city?	
USER	That's fine. I'd like to know about museums in the area instead.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Fantastic, there are 11 museums in the centre. Can I recommend the Fitzwilliam Museum, if you don't have a preference?	
USER	Fitzwilliam Museum sounds great. What is the postcode?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The postcode is cb21rb.	
USER	Great. Now can you book a taxi for me between the two places? From The Varsity Restaurant to Fitzwilliam Museum?	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	At what time would you like the taxi to arrive?	
USER	Actually it's from Fitzwilliam Museum to The Varsity Restaurant I want to arrive by the 11:15 booking please.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly. What time would you like to leave?	
USER	It doesn't matter, at long as I arrive at the restaurant by 11:15.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	OK, a yellow Lexus will pick you up at the Varsity and get you to the Fitzwilliam by 11:15. The contact number is 07462272535. Can I help with anything else?	
USER	No thank you, that will do for now! Thanks for helping me today!	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a fantastic day!	
USER	Thank you for all your help.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Glad I could be of assistance.	
USER	I want to find a hospital in town	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Addenbrookes Hospital is here in town. Is there particular department you need help contacting?	
USER	No, I just need the postcode.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay. The postcode is CB20QQ	
USER	Thank you for your help.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for contacting us. Don't hesitate to contact us in the future if you need any more help.	
USER	I need a three star hotel with internet. Can you help?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, I cannot help you with hotels. Are you sure that's what you're looking for?	
USER	I'm sorry. I meant to ask for information on a restaurant. It's called the Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The stazione restaurant is an expensive, italian restaurant located in the centre area. Would you like me to make you a booking today?	restaurant
USER	Yes, sounds wonderful. Can you book a table for 7 at 12:00 on Saturday?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is TA6XS4CY .	
USER	Great. I also need to find an attraction in the center and would like to know what type, address and entrance fee you find.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay what kind of attraction are you looking for?	
USER	Anything you'd recommend, as long as it's in the centre.	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I recommend the vue cinema, it's got a lot of great features to watch!	attraction
USER	Sounds good! Could I have the address and entrance fee, please?	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Address is the grafton centre, east road, I do not know the entrance fee.	
USER	Thanks! Do you have a phone number so I can find the entrance fee.	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number is 08712240240.	
USER	Thank you! And this is a cinema attraction?	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes it is. Is there anything else I can do for you?	
USER	I don't need anything else.	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I hope you have a good trip. Have a great day.	
USER	I'm looking for a hotel called city centre north b and b	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	May I help set a booking for you?	
USER	Does the hotel have free parking?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	They offer parking but I am unsure if it is free, but their phone number is 01223312843 if you'd like to call and check with them.	
USER	Hmm. Okay. Could you help me find a train? I need to leave on Sunday.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	And when would you like to leave by?	
USER	I want to leave on Sunday and arrive by 14:00.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where are you traveling from and to?	
USER	I am traveling to cambridge from broxbourne.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR2939 will leave at 12:01 and arrive at 13:01. Would you like to book this train?	
USER	Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It is done, your reference number is YNUEX070 and you will need to pay 14.32 GBP at the station.	
USER	Thanks very much for your help today.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Was that everything you needed?	
USER	I'm awful with math, what is the travel time on that train?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	60 mins would be the total duration.	
USER	Thank you for informing about the total duration.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome! I hope I've answered all of your questions. If you need further assistance, please give us a call.	
USER	I am look for a hotel near the beach near the main strip	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sorry, I don't think I can help you there. Can I help with something else?	
USER	I am looking for a particular restaurant called Zizzi Cambridge. Can you tell me what area it is in?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Zizzi is in the centre of town.	
USER	Excellent. Thank you. Also, can you assist me with finding a train for Monday?	restaurant, hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure! Provide me your itinerary.	
USER	We will be traveling from Cambridge and going to Ely, but it needs to leave after 21:00.	restaurant, hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there a time you need to arrive by?	
USER	I need to leave after 21:00.	restaurant, hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I've booked you a train, the fee is 4.4GBP and the reference number is CYJKG5SK.	
USER	i didnt really need a booking, but oh well. can i get the price of the ticket though?	restaurant, hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	4.40 pounds is the price	
USER	Thanks for the info, that's all I need today.	restaurant, hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.	
USER	You're welcome for contacting you. Have a nice day too. Bye bye.	restaurant, hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	In review, did you need a restaurant reservation or more information? Also, I have cancelled your train booking.	
USER	I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Taj Tandoori is an expensive Indian restaurant in the South. Would you like more information on them?	
USER	Is there anything else?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes. chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food in the expensive price range and is located in the south part of town.	restaurant
USER	May I have their address and phone number?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2G Cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton. Its phone number is 01223400170. Would you like anything else?	
USER	Thank you goodbye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thanks for your call. Goodbye!	
USER	I am looking for information about a hotel called the autumn house.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok. The autumn house is a guesthouse in the east. Would you like me to book a room?	
USER	Yes, please. I would like a room for 6 people for 2 nights. We'll arrive on Saturday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are booked! Reference number is : AS63WLAE .	
USER	Thank you so much!!	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome. Do you need anything further?	
USER	Thank you. That is all for now.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome. Please let us know if you need anything else.	
USER	Could you find me a hospital in town?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, Addenbrookes Hospital is in your area, would you like me to book you an appointment?	
USER	Do they have a transitional care department? I would also like to know the postcode and phone number.	hospital, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction
SYSTEM	Yes they have transitional care. Their post code is CB20QQ and the phone is 01223254668. Would you like me to book that for you?	
USER	No, I'll just head down, so I don't need anything else at the moment. Later!	hospital, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction
SYSTEM	Good luck, sir!	
USER	Hello, I need to book a train at 07:15 leaving Cambridge going to the town center on Thursday for 7 people.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure I can help with that. There are no trains going to the town centre. Do you have another destination in mind?	
USER	Could you check for a bus?	bus, train, taxi, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I think we may need to recheck your intended arrival location. To where and from where do you wish to travel?	
USER	I am leaving from Cambridge at 14:30.	bus, train, taxi, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	And where are you going?	
USER	I will be going to ely.	bus, train, taxi, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time do you want to arrive by?	
USER	Doesn't matter. I just can't leave until 14:30	bus, train, taxi, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is a 15:50 train that will arrive at 16:07. Does that sound good?	
USER	Does the train depart on Friday? Does it go to Stevenage?	bus, train, taxi, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, earlier you said you were going to Ely, but now you're asking about stevenage. What is your destination, please?	
USER	For Clarification: From Cambridge to destination Stevenage,, on friday, leaving after 14:30.	bus, train, taxi, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	sorry about that, how many tickets?	
USER	just one person	bus, train, taxi, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are five available trains, leaving every two hours, starting at 15:21. Would you like me to book at seat on the earliest train?	
USER	Do you know how long the travel time is and the price?	bus, train, taxi, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The travel time for all trains is approximately 49 minutes and each ticket costs 12.80 pounds. Would you like me to book you on one?	
USER	No, that is all thanks.	bus, train, taxi, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.	
USER	i need a train going to leicester that leaves after 11:45	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, are you going to leicester, or to cambridge? What is your departure site please?	
USER	I will be departing leicester going to cambridge, sorry for the confusion. I need to leave after 11:45 also.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The earliest train leaving after 11:45 is at 12:09 on friday. Would you like me to book this for you?	
USER	That is fine. Can I have the train ID once it's booked?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course, what day will you be traveling, and how many people will be in your party?	
USER	I need 1 ticket for departure on Thursday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great. I have booked you one seat on the 12:09 train from Leicester and your reference number is 7UR3BFW6 . Is there anything else I can do for you?	
USER	Yes I want to reserve a table for 7 people at 15:00 on Thursday at an expensive African restaurant. Can you help me with this?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no tables available at Bedouin at that time. Would you like to try a different time slot or perhaps a different day?	
USER	Sure. If there are no other African eateries to choose from, try the 14:00 at the Bedouin.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is one restaurant called bedouin, but unfortunately it does not have any open reservations for matching your specifications. Could you provide another day or time?	restaurant
USER	Could you get a reservation at a difference expensive African restaurant?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was successfully able to book you a reservation for 7. The reference number is R2RPLBI3 . Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	No thank you. I have everything I need.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome. Good bye.	
USER	I am looking for a place to stay.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. Do you have a preference as to location, price, or amenities?	
USER	I would like free parking and wifi for sure. Preferably on the west side with 4 stars, too.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd suggest Finches Bed and Breakfast. It's a guesthouse in the west area with free internet and parking.	hotel
USER	That sounds wonderful. Could you reserve our rooms? We'll be a party of 8, and we'd like to arrive on Sunday. I think we'll be staying 4 nights.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked Finches Bed & Breakfast for you starting Sunday for 4 nights for 8 people. Your reference number is H7WHFPQT . Is there anything I may assist with?	
USER	Thank you, yes, I'd like to also find a nice park to visit while I'm in town. Can you see if there is one near my hotel?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately, I could not find a park in the west. Can I try a different area?	
USER	No, but can you try to find a museum in the west please?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, I'd like to suggest the cafe jello gallery. Is that everything?	
USER	May I please get their address and phone number?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The Cafe Jello Gallery is at cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street and their phone number is 01223312112. What else can I do for you?	
USER	No, you've been so helpful. Thank you so much! Have a great night.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, have a great day as well.	
USER	I need a train to Cambridge please. I plan to leave out on Tuesday	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, no problem. Where are you heading in from?	
USER	I am leaving peterborough.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time do you need to travel?	
USER	I need to leave after 14:15	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR9964 departs peterborough at 14:19, or there is also a later one that leaves at 14:48. Do either of these suit your needs?	
USER	Um, the one at 14:48 please. Could you book it for 6 people?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your train is book it will cost 99 GBP and payable at station. Your reference number is 7ZNQOMB8 . Anything else you may need?	
USER	Yes. I'm looking for a restaurant called Gourmet Burger Kitchen. Can you tell me the price range and area that's in?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I sure can. Gourmet Burger Kitchen is on the expensive side and it's located in the center area of town. Anything else today?	
USER	No, that's it. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye	
USER	I want to find a restaurant in the east part of town. It serves chinese food. What is the address, phone number, and postcode?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yu Garden is a Chinese restaurant in the east part of town. Their address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, phone number 01223 248882 and postcode C.B 5, 8 P.A.	
USER	Thank you goodbye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, goodbye.	
USER	I want a hospital in town.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?	
USER	No, I just need the phone number, address and postcode please.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. General phone number is 01223245151. Can I help with anything else?	
USER	No that is all. Thank you.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	welcome. at your service next time	
USER	Great! Have a nice day!	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You as well. Goodbye.	
USER	Is there anything interesting to see in the centre of town?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	In addition to architecture, colleges, and museums, we also have boat attractions, nightclubs, and theatres in the centre.	
USER	I would be interested in seeing some interesting architecture.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are a few places, mainly churches, that have great architecture. Do you want information on any of those?	
USER	No thank you though. I would like information on greek restaurants that would be in the same area as the churches you suggested, please?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	there is no greek restaurant in the centre. can we change the location?	
USER	Well, how about African food?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Bedouin is an expensive serving african food in the centre of town.	restaurant
USER	That sounds good, can you book 2 people at 13:30 on Tuesday.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Reference number is : IA596HSH . Is there anything else I can do for you?	
USER	Yes, I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I'll need to be at the restaurant by 13:30, of course.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay and where do you need the taxi to pick you up?	
USER	I need it to arrive before the 13:30 at the restaurant. Can you give me a contact number and the car type that will pick me up?	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	I can do that. I'm sorry, but can you clarify your departure site? It appears it would be a location in the centre?	
USER	You're right. I forgot to select an architectural sight that I wanted to visit. Could you suggest one in the city centre.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure thing. I would suggest the old schools.	taxi
USER	That sounds good, can you book the taxi from there to the restaurant?	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking completed! Booked car type : grey bmw Contact number : 07935848087	
USER	thanks that's all i need	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Can I assist you with anything further, today?	
USER	That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you, you too.	
USER	I'm looking for a cheap place to stay. Can you help?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have a number of cheap hotels available; do you want to stay in a particular area of town?	
USER	I don't care which area the hotel is in.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?	
USER	any so long as it is a 2star and has wifi	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry I don't have any matches. Do you want me to check a different price range?	
USER	Yes, please try expensive.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, there's not guesthouse fitting THAT description either. Do you want to try a different hotel type or something?	
USER	Try either a hotel or guesthouse.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The express by holiday inn cambridge is a 2 star hotel in the east area that is expensive. It has wifi and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?	hotel
USER	yes please. book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from friday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Reference number is : DAEY6JJV .	
USER	Thank you. I am also looking for a restaurant that serves vegetarian food and that is expensive.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I don't seem to have any vegetarian restaurants. Do you have a second choice for cuisine?	
USER	Italian would be fine.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 5 expensive Italian restaurants around town is there an area you prefer?	
USER	No any area will work. Whatever you recommend. I need a reservation for Friday, 3 people at 13:45. Please include the reference number.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I reserved a table for you at stazione restaurant and coffee bar, you ref # is SUY8VW, anything else for you today?	restaurant
USER	No, that's it! Thank you for all your help!	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	ok, have a great day!	
USER	I've just been robbed. I need to report it.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	So sorry to hear that. You can get assistance by contacting Parkside Police Station at Telephone 01223358966, Address Parkside, Cambridge, Postcode CB11JG.	
USER	That will be all, thank you.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, and good luck.	
USER	Can I get the next train?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm afraid our train system seems to be down at the moment. Can I help you find a hotel until it is back up and running?	
USER	No, but I am looking for a nightclub to go to. What ones are there?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are quite a few in the Centre. I suggest either Club Salsa or Soul Tree Nightclub.	
USER	Club Salsa sounds good. Can I get their phone number, address and postcode please?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	You sure may. The address is 1 Station Road, CB12JB. The phone number is 07782218745. Is there anything else I may help you with?	
USER	Thanks. I would like some information on Rosa's bed and breakfast, please.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	What information are you looking for?	
USER	Does such a place exist? If so, I would like some information on it, like the postcode.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	sure the address is 53 roseford road and the postcode is cb22ha. anything else?	
USER	That is everything, thank you very much.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Enjoy your visit.	
USER	I'm looking for a hotel, is that something you help with?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 33 hotels, is there a specific area you are looking for?	
USER	I'm looking for somewhere classy and expensive, where they don't skimp on amenities like free wifi. Are there any like that?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have five hotels that meet that criteria. Are you looking for one in a particular area?	
USER	Are any of them guesthouses? I would prefer a guesthouse.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	No, they're all hotels. Would you like me to try a different price range?	
USER	Yes please, could you try finding me a guesthouse in a moderate price range?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no expensive guest houses.	
USER	I would settle for a moderate price ranged one.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are some in the north and one in the east. Does either option sound better?	
USER	moderately priced with a 4 star rating. For 4 people for 5 nights on thursday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you want a hotel in the north or east?	
USER	It doesn't matter. Whichever one you think is best.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How does acorn guest house sound? They're on 154 chesterton rd and you'd get free parking, too.	hotel
USER	Okay great! Can you please book a reservation for 4 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Done! Your reference number is 1CD4LZ9R . Do you need assistance with anything else today?	
USER	No that was all I needed thanks so much for your help.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.	
USER	I would like to book a hotel room for two.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, is it possible you meant to say you needed to find a train? I can help you with that.	
USER	Yes, sorry. I need to leave Stansted airport on Tuesday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	And what is your destination?	
USER	Cambridge. Please give me departure time and travel time.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would leaving at 5:24 and arriving at 5:52 work?	
USER	It most certainly would, thank you. I am not ready to book, can you just give me the travel time for that trip?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The travel time is 28 minutes. Is there anything else?	
USER	No, that's all, thanks.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Have a great day!	
USER	Hi, can you help me find a train? I'm in the planning stages of a trip there.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely! Do you know which train station you would like to use?	
USER	Not really but I am departing from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are hourly trains Friday morning, you could take the TR5408 leaving at 7AM, arriving at 9:44. It costs 75.10 pounds. Does that work?	
USER	No. I need the train on a thursday and it has to arrive by 13:45. Can you give me the departure time, price, and travel time for that train?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have TR2102 that leaves at 10:01 and arrives by 12:44. The ticket price is 75.10 pounds. And the travel time is 163 minutes. Anything else I can help with?	
USER	Yes, do you have any suggestions of places to go in the centre?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	sure! do you like museums?	
USER	Yes, I enjoy going to museums. Can you recommend one?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I've heard good things about the Primavera. And there is no entrance fee, so that's a bonus!	attraction
USER	That sounds great. Can you please provide me with the phone number and postcode.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely. The phone number is 01223357708 and the postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	That is all I needed today have a nice day.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thanks for using our service today!	
USER	Can you book a hotel for me? I would like a 3 star hotel or greater in downtown Cambridge for tonight for 2 people.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is one called the Gonville Hotel, but it's expensive. Is this alright?	hotel
USER	yes that would be fine. Are there any colleges in the centre that we can also visit? And may I have the address please?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are four in the area that are free and one that has a fee of 2 pounds, would you like more information?	
USER	Sure, which one would you recommend of the free ones?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I would recommend Saint Catherine's College located at King's Parade, postcode cb23rl.	
USER	Thank you, I actually need a guesthouse with free parking.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for clarifying that you need a guest house. So that I might best find the right place for you, could you restate any other needs with regards to lodgings?	
USER	I need free parking in the moderate pricerange.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately, I do not have any 3-star rated guesthouses that are moderately priced and in the centre with free parking. Would you like to change any criteria?	
USER	No that is ok! I decided that free parking is not a deal breaker for me. So can I book that guest house?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I don't see any 3 star guesthouses available in the centre. However Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a nice 4 star, cheap guesthouse. Does that work?	hotel
USER	Does that guesthouse come with free wifi?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, they do offer free internet as well as free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you there?	
USER	yup. 5 nights just 1 person please, let's shoot for Monday. Thanks.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, your booking was unsuccessful, probably because the guesthouse is booked for some or all of these days. Would you like to try a shorter stay, or book another day?	
USER	Okay. Let's try for four nights and may I get the reference number.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to find availability for 4 days. Booking was successful. Reference number is : 84JDP6OG .	
USER	Great! That should be all I need. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome! Have a great day!	
USER	i am looking for information in Cambridge.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can certainly help you with that! What do you want to know?	
USER	I'd like to stay at a guesthouse that offers free wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you have a price range or area preference? Because if not, how about a and b guest house located in the east and moderately priced.	
USER	The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Alexander bed and breakfast is a great place. Do you need a reservation?	hotel
USER	yes, please. 6 people for 3 nights starting on thursday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Acorn Guest House would be perfect for your needs.	
USER	I'd like to find out more about expensive restaurants in the city centre.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	they are many. what is your prefered food type?	
USER	Are there any restaurants that serve French food? If so, I will need the phone number to the restaurant.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	yes cote does. can i give you their contact?	restaurant
USER	Yes please. I did state that I wanted the phone number.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The number for Cote is 01223311053. Is there anything else I can do for you?	
USER	Can you give me some information on a hotel called holiday inn Cambridge, please?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive, 2-star hotel in the east. They're located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Can I book a room for you?	
USER	Yes, please! I'll be traveling solo, and I need 3 nights starting Monday.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok. I've booked a room with a queen sized bed for 3 nights starting Monday at the Holiday Inn Cambridge. Is there anything else I can help you with?	taxi
USER	Can I get a taxi that will take me to the hotel from the restaurant?	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, what time should I set it up for the taxi to pick you up?	
USER	Well, I need the taxi to pick me up at the restaurant by 09:15. I need the contact number and car type please.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright, you'll be picked up by a grey Volvo, and the contact number is 07916701458. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	No, thank you. That is all. Goodbye	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It was a pleasure helping you today. Good-bye.	
USER	I want to eat at an expensive gastropub restaurant	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are two gastropub's in the centre of town in the expensive price range, would you like me to book one?	
USER	Yeah, I need a reservation for 4 people on saturday at 12:30 please	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you like me to book your reservation in the centre of town or east?	
USER	The center of town would be best.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your reservations are complete at the Backstreet Bistro. Your reference number is 7H01DZW5 .	restaurant
USER	Thank you so much. I don't think I need anything further.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, I hope you enjoy your meal. Feel free to call us again if you need anything else. Goodbye.	
USER	I need a list of cheap places to stay that include free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range in the centre of town.	hotel
USER	Okay, does that place include free wifi and it is 4 stars?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, the Alexander has free wifi and is a 4 star hotel. How many nights will you be staying?	
USER	I will be staying 5 nights starting from Saturday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you so much for that information. How many people in your party so I can make the booking for you?	
USER	Yes, can you book it for 6 people?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Your reference number is QIT1W09H . Do you need anything else?	
USER	Thank you. I also need a train to Kings Lynn that leaves on Sunday.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 19 trains leaving Cambridge on Sunday. When would you like to depart?	
USER	Hi, I am planning a trip and need some suggestions. I am looking for places to go in town.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Can I ask you some questions about the types of places you want to go while you're in Cambridge?	
USER	The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of cinema.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The Vue Cineme is in the Grafton Centre, on East Road. Do you need any more information?	
USER	What is the postcode for The Vue Cineme?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The postcode is cb11ps. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	Yes, I'd also like to find a moderately-priced guesthouse on the west side, if possible. I do need free wifi.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have one place.Shall I book it?	
USER	Sure, I'll be coming in on Sunday with one other person. We'll be staying for 3 nights.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is UOE033DZ . Can I help with anything else today?	
USER	Can you book me a taxi to get me from the cinema to the hotel?	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely, when did you want to leave?	
USER	I would like to leave by 23:30.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	For me to book your Taxi what time you will like to arrive?	
USER	You don't need an arrival time. I told you my departure time is 23:30. That should be enough. Please tell me the contact number and car type when you book it	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Your car will be a white Ford, and their contact number is 07378026406. Need anything else?	
USER	I am also looking for an attraction.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	What kind of attraction are you looking for, and in what area?	
USER	I would like to find a cinema.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	The Vue Cinema meets your requirements.	
USER	Thank you that is all for now.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, goodbye. It was a pleasure assisting you.	
USER	Hi, I am planning a trip to your beautiful town and am looking for places to go when I get there. Can you help me?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly. Do you have any particular types of things you'd like to see?	
USER	I'm interested in exploring the local architecture.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many colleges and churches to see.	
USER	Do you have a favorite?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	My favorite is clare hall.	
USER	I need a place that is architecture.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	How about old schools? It is architecture and a school!	attraction
USER	Could I have the postcode, area and entrance fee of what you recommend?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, Old Schools is on Trinity Lane and is in the centre. Post code is cb21tt and it is free admission.	
USER	Thanks! I'm also looking for an expensive, 2-star place to stay in the north. Do you have anything like that?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	there are no expensive hotel in the north. can you change the location?	
USER	I would like to stay in the north but can you try in the moderate price range and see if any are available?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	We have 2 matches. ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Both have the identical amenities. Do you prefer one over the other?	
USER	Let's go with Ashley Hotel. For 8 people and 2 nights starting from Saturday. I need the reference number.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You are booked, the reference number is QBIAGDVH, is there anything else that I can assist with?	
USER	I also need to book a taxi from Old Schools to leave by 21:30	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Where would you like to be picked up?	
USER	Pick me up from the hotel.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Your taxi has been booked. It will be a blue Skoda and the contact number is 07641158259.	
USER	Thank you for all your help! That will be all!	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for choosing Cambridge Town Info Centre. Have a good day!	
USER	I need a place to eat in the centre of town.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are a lot of restaurants to choose from in the centre, what type of food do you want to eat?	
USER	Can you please search for indian food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have many choices in the city center. Are you looking for something expensive or cheap?	
USER	I want something expensive.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How about Curry Garden on Regent Street?	restaurant
USER	That would be fine. I would like reservations on wednesday for 3 people at 18:15.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The curry garden will be expecting your party on Wednesday at 18:15. Your reference is 925W0ZE2 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?	
USER	Yes. I also need a 4 star hotel.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 21 4 star options. Do you need internet or parking?	
USER	Parking doesn't matter, but I want it to be in the same area as the restaurant.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are two 4 star choices in the centre. A cheap guesthouse as well as an expensive hotel. Would you like to book one today?	
USER	I'll like a hotel with free internet	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have two results for you. Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel	
USER	Either will do - which place do you think is better?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would recommend University arms hotel. Would you like me to make reservations for you?	
USER	Does it have free parking? Also I need to know if they have free internet. The address and the type of hotel it is, got it?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It does have free parking. It is a hotel. The address is regent street, post code cb21ad. Would you like me to make a reservation?	
USER	Yes, please make a reservation for 3 people.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	when will you be arriving and how many rooms?	
USER	I actually don't need a booking at this time. I have everything I need. Thank you, goodbye!	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Glad to be of help. Have a nice day.	
USER	I need to find a place to eat in the centre of Cambridge.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are dozens of places to eat in the north. What kind of food are you interested in?	
USER	I'd like something that serves modern European.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are four choices available that range from cheap to expensive, what is your preference with price?	
USER	Great can you book one for 2 people at 16:00 on monday please?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, I have a reservation for 2 at de luca cucina and bar on Monday at 16:00. The reference number is: HC9L602O .	restaurant
USER	I am also looking for a train for Monday departing birmingham new street.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It looks like there are trains running hourly from 5:40. Did you have a time of day in mind?	
USER	I'm looking to arrive in cambridge by 10:15.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR7853 gets you to Cambridge about 09:23. Would you like that one?	
USER	Possibly. Can you give me the departure time, travel time and a price?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That one departs at 06:40, and arrives at cambridge on monday at 09:23. It's duration is 163 minutes. The price is 75.10 pounds.	
USER	Sounds good. Is there a ticket available on that train?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, I was able to book you for the train, the train number is TR7583, the reference number is LW0W57MP, the ticket is 75.09 payable at the station	
USER	Okay. Thank you for all your help.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Will you be needing anything else today?	
USER	I won't be needing anything else, thank you.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're very welcome. I'm glad to have helped. Enjoy your trip.	
USER	I need a train to stansted airport from cambridge please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, what day will you be traveling?	
USER	Thursday. I need to arrive by 12:45.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The closest to thing I can find is a train leaving at 5:40 on Thursday. It arrives at Stansted Airport at 6:08. Is this okay?	
USER	Yes, that works. Can I get the train id number and the price please?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	the train Number is TR7966, it will cost you 10.10 pounds.	
USER	I need to find me a room as well.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What part of town would you prefer? And, do you need internet?	
USER	Looking for something in the North, cheap price range please. Don't care much about internet.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are two guesthouses that meet your criteria. The City Centre North B and B, and the Worth House. Would you like me to book one of those for you?	hotel
USER	Sure, Saturday for 5 nights and 7 people.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked the Worth House for you. The reference number is G7TDBIJU . Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	Does the Worth House have a star rating of 4?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, the Worth House has a 4 star rating. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	Can you book the worth house for 5 nights starting saturday for 7 people.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking was successful. Your reference number is G7TDBIJU .	
USER	Thank you that will be all I need.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, have a nice day! Bye!	
USER	I have been robbed and need to know how I can get help.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The police station in parkside can help. Their telephone is 01223358966 with their postcode being CB11JG.	
USER	Perfect, I will give them a call, and see if they can tell me what I should do next.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	I want something that's moderately priced. Any type of food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What area would you like?	
USER	I would like the north part of town, please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Golden Wok serves Chinese food. Would you like their address and phone number?	restaurant
USER	yes I would like their address and phone number	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The golden wok is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223 350688. May I help you with anything else?	
USER	No, thank you goodbye	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a great day and enjoy your food.	
USER	I am looking for a cheap restaurant.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several cheap restaurants located in the centre part of town.	
USER	Do any serve spanish food?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, La Raza serves Spanish food. Would you like their phone number?	restaurant
USER	No, I would like the address and the post code please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	La Raza is located at 4-6 Rose Crescent, their postcode is C.B 2, 3 L.L	
USER	Thank you, goodbye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using this system	
USER	I'm looking to get some info about a hotel called Home from Home	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Home from Home is located at 78-80 Milton Rd. It's a 4 star hotel in the north part of town. Phone is 01223323555.	
USER	Yes, can you please book a room for me for 4 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes your booking was successful and your reference number is Z7XFCSHU .	
USER	I am also looking for an Indian restaurant that is located in the centre?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	there is curry garden as well as eight other options for you.	
USER	Curry Garden sounds good, can you book me for 4 people at 12:15 on saturday?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have a table for 4 at 12:15 on Saturday at Curry Garden. Is there anything else i can help you with?	
USER	Could I get the reference number please?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your reference number is XDJE6L0H . Do you need anything else?	
USER	No that is all I do believe thanks for all of your help	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome! Enjoy your visit!	
USER	i need a train to bishops stortford that leaves after 16:30, please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where will you be travelling to?	
USER	I already told you.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where will you be departing from and what day do you wish to travel?	
USER	I would like to leave on Tuesday, and depart from Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR2153 departs Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Tuesday at 17:29, would you like to book a seat on this train?	
USER	Yeah. I need to book for 7 people.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : C2KPV8JC .	
USER	Thanks for the booking. I also am looking for a guesthouse with free internet for all of us.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is available in the north area. It's a moderate price range and has free internet. How many days will you be staying?	hotel
USER	We will be staying for five days.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	And which night would you like to start your stay?	
USER	One moment. I am looking for 2 stars. Does Arbury Lodge Guesthouse have two stars?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It has 4 stars, should I book that for you?	
USER	Yes, please book it and provide a reference number.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Which day of the week is the start of your stay, please?	
USER	Is it available starting Thursday?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I just need to confirm before I book this hotel, do you want a 4-star hotel or 2-star hotel? Or does it matter?	
USER	Four star please same group of people starting Thursday I need a ref number too please.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your room is booked (Ref#QN4WVXJJ). Is there anything else I can do for you today?	
USER	No that will be all today. Thanks!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome and enjoy your stay.	
USER	I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 69 restaurants in the centre. Is there a specific type of cuisine or price range you are looking for?	
USER	I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre, type of food does not matter but I need a table for 7 people for Tuesday at 13:15.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately there is no vacancy on that day at that time. Can we try another day or time?	
USER	Could we try for Tuesday at 12:15 please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I made a reservation at Bedouin, an African restaurant, for 7 people on Tuesday at 12:15. Your reservation number is PN95JSUF . Is there anything else?	restaurant
USER	Yes, I'm looking for a particular attraction called Whale of a Time. Do you have any information on it?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, Whale of a Time is located in the west part of town, phone number is 01954781018. Any other questions?	
USER	Could I have the postcode, address, and entrance fee?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The postcode is cb238el, address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill and there is not an entrance fee listed. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	Yes, can you book me a taxi between those two? I'd like to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation please.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked a Yellow Tesla for you and you will arrive at the restaurant by 12:15. The contact number for the taxi is 07916644539. Is there anything else?	
USER	No, that should do it, thanks!	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!	
USER	I'd like to find out more about taking a tour of Trinity College.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I do not have information about tours, would you like the phone number for Trinity College?	
USER	Actually, can you tell me what type of attraction it is? My friend suggested it and mentioned the name, but not much else.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	It is a college located on trinity street. The entrance fee is 1 pound. May I help you with anything else today?	
USER	Yes, I'd like to find a restaurant in the centre of town.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course. There are many restaurants in the area. Is there a food type you're interested in?	
USER	I would chinese please.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?	
USER	Yeah, I'd like a moderately priced restaurant. And type of food doesn't actually matter. Just somewhere moderately priced in the centre of town.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	May I suggest Jinling Noodle Bar, they have excellent food moderately priced. Would you like a reservation?	restaurant
USER	That would be great. Can I have the phone number please?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	their phone number is 01223566188.	
USER	Great! Thanks. I also need a taxi to take me between the two. I want to leave the restaurant by 08:30	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	I would be happy to do get a taxi for you. I need the departure location, destination location and the time of travel.	
USER	I would like to leave the restaurant by 8:30.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Your cab will pick you up at 08:30 at Jinling Noodle bar to take you to Trinity College. Expect a yellow ford. The contact number is 07741212724.	
USER	Perfect, thank you for all your help.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you need help arranging transportation or lodging at this time?	
USER	No, thank you. I've got everything I need right now.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, glad I could help.	
USER	Hi, I need a hotel on the west side, please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have a couple options available to you, is there a particular price range you are looking for?	
USER	I don't care about price range, but I do want the hotel to have a 4 star rating and have free wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have the Huntingdon Marriott that is more expensive. Also, the Cambridge Belfry that is cheap. Do you have a preference?	hotel
USER	Can you tell me their post codes?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Huntingdon marriott post code is pe296fl and the cambridge belfry postcode is cb236bw. Anything else I can assist you with today?	
USER	No. Thank you. Goodbye.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!	
USER	I also need information on the maharajah tandoor restaurant please.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It is an expensive restaurant in the west area serving indian food. Would you like me to book it for you?	
USER	Yes, please book a table for 1 at 16:00 on Wednesday.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have completed the booking. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is KQLHM8ST .	
USER	Would you be able to schedule a taxi to take me from the Huntingdon Marriott to the Maharajah Tandoor?	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure thing, what time would you like to arrive at your destination?	
USER	I need to arrive in time for my reservation.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have reserved you a blue tesla, Contact number : 07639403969. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	No that is all thank you for your help!	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome. If you need anything else, we are always here to help.	
USER	I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many expensive restaurants in the centre of town, is there a specific type of food you would like?	
USER	Is there any Turkish cuisine? If so I need the postcode and the address.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Meze Bar restaurant matches your tastes. It is located at 196 Mill Road City Centre. The postcode is cb13nf.	taxi
USER	I am also looking for museums in the area.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many museums listed in the centre area, what kind of museum are you interested in?	
USER	I don't really care, what do you recommend? I will need the postcode and entrance fee please.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	How about Cambridge Contemporary Art? The entrance is free and the postcode is cb21su. Enjoy!	taxi
USER	Thank you. I would also like a taxi to commute between the two places.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly. When would you like your taxi to depart?	
USER	I need to arrive at Cambridge Contemporary Art by 19:15 please.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	No problem. Your taxi has been reserved. Your driver's contact number is 07035811281 and will be driving a grey toyota. Is there anything else you need today?	
USER	No, that will be all, thank you!	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, have a nice day.	
USER	Hey, I need a place to stay with free wifi and free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have several options to offer you, is there an area of town, or price range you'd like?	
USER	Thanks! I really don't care about the area. I need stay in a guesthouse that has free wifi and parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	In order to try to narrow down your options, do you prefer a cheaper place or something moderately priced?	
USER	I don't mind about the price but I want something with 4 stars .	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How about the Archway House? it is moderately priced in the north.	hotel
USER	That sounds nice. Can you get it for four nights starting Thursday?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I will be happy to book it for you! How many people will be staying?	
USER	Four people. Thanks.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I've book the hotel for you for 4 people on Thursday. The reference number is QMOZPFHQ .	
USER	Thanks so much. That is all I need. Bye.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. If you need anything else please let us know.	
USER	I'm hurt and I need to find a hospital. Oh, and one with an oncology department!	hospital, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction
SYSTEM	Hello, I'm sorry you are injured. Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd. If you need to call the oncology department directly they may be reached at 01223217708.	
USER	Thank you. Can I have the postcode too please.	hospital, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction
SYSTEM	The postcode is CB20QQ	
USER	Okay, thank you.	hospital, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction
SYSTEM	You're welcome. I hope everything is okay!	
USER	I am planning your trip in Cambridge. looking for a train	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I feel more comfortable planning my own trip, but I can help you with yours. Where will you be coming from and on what day?	
USER	I am from Broxbourne and coming into Cambridge. What trains would you have available on Monday?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have nineteen trains available that day. Is there any time you would like to leave or arrive by?	
USER	I need to leave after 21:15. Can you book this for four people? I need a reference number.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : UPJBMQ32 .	
USER	Thanks, I also need a guest house.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have many fine guesthouses in town. Is there a certain part of town or price range you would like?	
USER	I want it to be cheap, in the centre, and it must have internet	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	there are two results here. Do you have a preference for star rating?	
USER	No, I don't have a preference for star rating. Either would be fine.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Well 4 stars sounds better than 0 to me, how about the alexander bed and breakfast. Would you like to book there?	hotel
USER	as long as it has free wifi. I need a room for 2 nights for 4 people on the same day.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It does have internet. I booked your reservation, the reference number is RUNKLECC . Anything more I can help with?	
USER	that will be all for me today. Thank you, bye!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay!	
USER	I need to get a taxi out of holy trinity church.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What is your destination?	
USER	I'm going to saint johns chop house.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can help you with that. When do you need to leave?	
USER	I need to arrive at the chop house by 22:30.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your taxi is booked. Look for a yellow Volkswagen.	
USER	I need the contact number please.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The contact number is 07727071722. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	No that is all Thank you goodbye.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Please call us anytime. Good Bye.	
USER	I'd like for a taxi to take me to gonville hotel today	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	And where will you be leaving from?	
USER	I'll be departing from j restaurant.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time would you like to depart at?	
USER	I'd like to leave after 21:15.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking completed! Booked car type : white honda Contact number : 07694199231	
USER	Great, thank you! That's all I need today.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're quite welcome. Have a lovely trip! Goodbye.	
USER	Please find me an expensive place to dine on the South side of town	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, we have Chinese, Indian, Italian or Mexican that you could choose from.	
USER	How about chinese.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, how about the good luck chinese food takeaway? Will that work for you?	
USER	Yes, that sounds good! Book a table for 3 at 13:45 please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'll be happy to help you with that. What day would you like the reservation for?	
USER	I'd like to make it for Wednesday. Can you include the reference number?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your reservation is all set for Wednesday. Your reference number is 68X7U9IG . Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	I need a hotel in the same price range as the restaurant that has free parking and free wifi for the same group for 3 nights starting from the same day.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok and for how many days ?	
USER	how about 1 nights.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 5 results matching your requirements. What area of town would you like?	
USER	The area does not matter. Just the criteria I stated. It will be starting Wednesday.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How about the University Arms Hotel? It has free parking and wifi, and it's a 4 star rated hotel.	
USER	If you can book it for my group, I need it for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?	
USER	I'm trying to find a train that departs from London Kings Cross on Thursday. Can you help me book a ticket?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, are you coming to Cambridge? What time would you like to depart?	
USER	Any time that lets me arrive by 08:45.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR4016 from london kings cross to cambridge, traveling on thursday, leaves at 07:17 and arrives at 8:08. Should I book it for you?	
USER	Yes can you please book that for 8 people and give me the reference number?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	great, I was able to get your tickets. Reference number is FCRRA5HL and the tickets, 188.8 GBP are payable at the station, anything else?	
USER	Yes, have you heard of a restaurant called Curry King?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, Curry King is an Indian restaurant in the centre. What more information would you like?	
USER	Can you book be there for 8 people at 18:30 on thursday?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have your table reserved. The reference number is ZTVSJGBZ .	
USER	Thank you for reserving that for me. That's all I need today.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're very welcome. Have a lovely day.	
USER	I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have two that fit that description, would you prefer Chinese or Portuguese?	
USER	Either one. I just need it to be open on Sunday.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, lets do the Lucky Star. Would you like a reservation?	restaurant
USER	I would like that. A table for 8 at 12:00.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked a table for 8 at the Lucky Star. The reference number is IILATPJI . Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at. It should have free parking.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The acorn guest house would be perfect. Shall I book it ?	hotel
USER	Yes, that would be great. I'll need it booked for the same group of people, 2 nights, and starting on the same day.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your hotel reservation number is D6UOJ6SH, for Sunday, 8 people for two nights. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	i dont think so. i think thats all. take care. bye.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.	
USER	I am looking for a certain hotel. Could you see if you might have any info on it?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure thing! Can you give me the name of the place?	
USER	Yes, I'm looking for Hobson's House.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, it is a guesthouse in the west part of town in the moderate price range. Would you like to know anything else about it.	
USER	Could I get the postcode please?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Postcode is CB39LH. Anything else?	
USER	No, that's it. Thanks!	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a great day!	
USER	I am looking for a place to stay	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I will definitely be able to help you with that. Did you want a hotel or a guest house?	
USER	I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking and free wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are a lot of guesthouses that meet that criteria. Do you want to stay in a particular area?	
USER	No, I don't care about the location. I do want a 4 star place though.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The acorn guest house has a 4 star rating and is in the moderate price range. It is in the north area. Would you like to reserve a room?	hotel
USER	Yes. Where is a good expensive restaurant in the West area of town?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are nine expensive restaurants in the west, is there a particular type of food that you are interested in?	
USER	Can you give me some examples of the type of cuisine that is available?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There's british, european, indian, and thai.	
USER	What's the address, postcode and phone number of the thai restaurant?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sala Thong serves Thai food and is located at 35 Newnham Road, Newnham cb39ey. Their phone number is 01223323178. Can I help with a booking?	restaurant
USER	Yes can you please book that for me?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day and time would you like me to reserve the restaurant for?	
USER	let's book it for wednesday please.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How many people will the booking be for and what time would you prefer the booking to be at?	
USER	I think we're jumping way ahead of ourselves here. Let's start afresh. Please get me the address to the acorn and then we can proceed with getting a taxi	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The address to acorn is 154 chesterton road.	
USER	Thank you! Good bye.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. It was a pleasure to help you.	
USER	I'm looking for a place to dine in the centre in the moderate price range.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you like a table at Cotto?	
USER	Yes, that would be fine. I don't need a book but can you give me the phone number and address for Cotto? Thanks	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure! The phone number for Cotto is 01223302010 and the address is 183 East Road, City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	Can you tell what attractions are near the restaurant?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 44 attractions in the centre of town. Do you have particular type of attraction in mind?	
USER	No, what do you recommend?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The old schools is wonderful located at trinity lane.	attraction
USER	What is the entrance fee and phone number?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	They have free entrance. Their phone number is 01223332320.	
USER	I also want a taxi two go between those two places.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, will you be leaving from the restaurant or the college? And what time of day would you like this booking to be?	
USER	I want to leave the college by 07:00 so please go ahead and book that taxi for me	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book your taxi. It is a white Tesla and the contact number is 07335673174. Is there anything else you need today?	
USER	that is all i needed. i appreciate your help alot	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm glad I was able to help you today. Hope you have a great day.	
USER	i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the centre.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several. May I recommend Emmanuel College? They are located on Saint Andrew's Street and have no entrance fee.	attraction
USER	ok. What is their phone number?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Their number is 01223334200.	
USER	I also need a hotel to stay in.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	What type of hotel are you looking for?	
USER	I need a HOTEL in the cheap price range.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Then you want the cambridge belfry, would you like me to book you a stay?	hotel
USER	Does it have free parking?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There is free parking.	
USER	Okay. Please book a stay starting on Tuesday for 4 nights and 3 people.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Reference number is : YJQS3BTA .	
USER	thanks for all of your help!	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Have a great day.	
USER	Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure! There are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre. Is there a certain type of food you're looking for?	
USER	Oh, yes! Italian, please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can recommend Ask restaurant. Would you like me to make a reservation?	restaurant
USER	No, let's try italian on the cheap side located in the centre. Book for 7 people on wednesday at 11:45 please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book your party at Ask. Your reservation will hold for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	Could I get the reference number please?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Reference number is : V0PVDPBC . Need anything else?	
USER	No thank you! Goodbye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome and have a great day!	
USER	Good evening, I need to take a train from Cambridge to Norwich.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day and time do you want to travel?	
USER	I want to leave on Wednesday and arrive by 15:30.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have train TR1144 leaving at 5:36 and arriving at 6:55. Would you like to make reservations for that?	train
USER	Yes, that would work. I don't need a ticket though. But, can I ask the price per ticket?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The price is 17.60. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	i'm also interested in places to go in town.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What area would you be in?	
USER	I would like information on the colleges in the centre please.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 13 results that match, is there anymore information you can give me on what you are looking for?	
USER	recommend any and give me the entrance fee and postcode	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	gonville and caius college have free admission. Their postcode is cb21ta	
USER	Thanks, that's all I need for today	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs?	
USER	Yes, thank you very much. That will be all.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for calling and have a great day. Goodbye.	
USER	I would like to go to a theatre in town. How many are there and where are they?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	What area in town would you like to go to?	
USER	I don't care, anywhere in town is fine.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	i suggest the junction. it is in south. can i give you the address?	attraction
USER	Sure. What is the Address, phone number and postcode?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The address is clifton way and the postcode is cb17gx. Their phone number is 01223511511. Do you need anything else?	
USER	No, thank you that is all.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I am glad we were able to help you today. Have a good day.	
USER	I need to find a train.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay- from where to where?	
USER	I am wanting to go from Stevenage to Cambridge.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	OK - what day and time do you want to travel?	
USER	I want to leave on Friday and should arrive by 10:45	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR4800 meets your criteria. How many tickets would you like?	
USER	The departure time is all I need.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a nice day.	
USER	I would like a restaurant in the centre and in the moderate price range.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Yippee Noodle Bar is a moderate priced Asian Oriental restaurant. Does that sound good?	
USER	No, the restaurant should serve modern european food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure I have at least two choices for you. One is the De Luca Cucina and Bar and the other is the Riverside Brasserie. Both are located in the center. Would either of them interest you?	
USER	Let's try the Brasserie.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	If you'd like a reservation I will need to know what day and time you'd like your reservation and how many will be in your party.	
USER	Just 1 person at 13:15 on thursday	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're all set your reference number is IVGZLYTZ	
USER	Thanks. That's all I need!	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright, thank you. Goodbye!	
USER	Hello, can I please have some information on the types of museums that are available in Cambridge and their location?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. There are 79 different museums in Cambridge. Is there an area of the city you were looking to visit? Or price range?	
USER	Not really anywhere specific, and I don't care about the price range.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	May I suggest the Broughton House Gallery? It is a nice museum in the centre which is free to visit. Shall I provide more information?	
USER	What is the postcode and phone number there?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	01223314960 and cb11ln	
USER	I also need a place to eat, I want European food and it needs to be expensive.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have many choices. What part of town do you prefer?	
USER	It doesn't matter. You choose. Can I get the area, phone number and address please?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I recommend Eraina, it is in Centre, the phone number is 01223368786 and the address is Free School Lane City Centre. Can I book you a table there?	
USER	No thank you, that's all the information I need right now.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye	
USER	Hi! Can you give me some information on the Royal Spice restaurant?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course! It's a cheap Indian restaurant in the north at Victoria Avenue Chesteron cb41eh. The phone number is 01733553355. May I help with anything else?	
USER	I would like to book for two on Wednesday, at 17:15.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have you booked Wednesday at 17:15 a table for 2, this table will hold for 15 mins and your reference number is GXO64LG8 .	
USER	Great, thanks! That's all I needed!	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome! Have a great day. Goodbye.	
USER	Hi, I am planning my Cambridge trip and could use some help with a particular attraction.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, is there a particular area of town you're interested in?	
USER	No, I need help with a particular attraction. Can you help?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I sure can, what is the name of the attraction you are seeking information about?	
USER	I'm looking for tenpin I want the address and entrance fee.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Tenpin address is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. I am sorry I have no information about their entrance fee. Can I assist you with anything else today?	
USER	Yes, I also wanted to find an expensive guesthouse to stay at.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have expensive hotels, or moderately priced guesthouses. But no expensive guesthouses.	
USER	What about a 4 star guest with free parking. If there is no such guesthouse how about one that is in the cheap range.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I found 7 cheap ones. What part of town would you like to stay in?	
USER	I don't have a preference. Please make a suggestion and book it for 6 people for 2 nights starting on friday.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, you are all booked at the leverton house. Your reference number is UDJH8B4E . Is there anything else I can help you with?	hotel
USER	No that will be it for today, thank you.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome. Have a good afternoon.	
USER	Yes I need the nearest police station, I was in a car accident.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Parkside Police Station is the closest in postcode CB11JG, their phone number is 01223358966	
USER	That's all I need, thank you.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I hope your day gets better. Goodbye.	
USER	I'm looking for a train going to Ely please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day is this for?	
USER	It will be for Thursday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time would you like to go?	
USER	I just need to arrive by 14:15.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have three different train choices. Depending on how early you want to arrive. I have one arriving at 6:07, one at 8:07 and one at 10:07.	
USER	What's the travel time? Knowing that will help me select on a time.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The travel time is only 17 minutes.	
USER	When is the departure time for 10:07?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR1923 departs cambridge at 9:50 and arrives in ely by 10:07, total travel time of 17 minutes. Do you want to book a ticket?	
USER	Not at this time. Thank you for your help!	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there any other information I can get for you at this time?	
USER	No, that's it. Thanks!	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Enjoy your day.	
USER	where is the Addenbrookes Hospital?	hospital, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction
SYSTEM	It's located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, you can reach them via telephone at 01223245151.	
USER	Thanks, do they have a children's oncology and haematology department?	hospital, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction
SYSTEM	Yes, they do. That department can be reached directly at 01223217231. Can I be of any further assistance today?	
USER	No, that's all I needed to know. Thank you.	hospital, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction
SYSTEM	My pleasure, if you should need more information please feel free to contact us again.	
USER	I will. Goodbye.	hospital, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction
SYSTEM	Goodbye. Hope everything turns out okay!	
USER	Hi, I could use help with my planning. I am trying to find a place to stay.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, to help us find the right place for you lets talk about what you would like. Do you have a price range you prefer? Or an area of town?	
USER	I would like it to be in the south and have a rating of 3 stars.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have a moderately priced guesthouse and an expensive hotel that match your requirements.	
USER	Does either offer free parking?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	They both offer free parking and internet.	
USER	Okay can you please book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting on Tuesday?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Which one? The guesthouse or the hotel?	
USER	The hotel, please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Reference number is : BS0ODSGJ . Is there anything else?	
USER	Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Portuguese food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	nandos city centre serves portuguese food. They are in the centre of town and are in the cheap price range.	restaurant
USER	What is their address?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	nandos city centre is at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street.	
USER	Thank you so much!	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Goodbye.	
USER	I am looking for some places to go in town. I'm so excited about seeing some of the local attractions.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many to choose from! Almost 80. Can you tell me if you have a certain type of place you want to visit?	
USER	What do you recommend? I will be need the address, entrance fee, and postcode for what you recommend please.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I honestly recommend visiting a famous college such as Christs or Magdalene.	attraction
USER	Could I have the address, entrance fee, and postcode.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Christ's College is on Saint Andrew's Street and postcode CB23BU. There is no entrance fee. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to include internet.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are about 33 hotels that meet your needs. Can you narrow it down to a certain area of town and price range?	
USER	I'm sorry,was Christ's College in the centre? I did need something in that area.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes it is in the centre.	
USER	Is there one in the centre with free parking	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sorry, parking isn't something that is mentioned for attractions.	
USER	Okay. I'd like a hotel that includes free parking then.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	alexander bed and breakfast would meet those needs. could i look for something else? or can i book a stay here at this one?	hotel
USER	Please book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting Thursday.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have your rooms booked. The reference number is : OGBAZ8XW . KIs there anything else i can assist you with today?	
USER	Great I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Where will you be leaving from? What time would you like to leave?	
USER	i want to leave by 10:45	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	I've got a ride for you. A yellow Skoda. Their phone number is 07546403281	
USER	Great, thanks! That's everything I needed.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Perfect. I hope you have a wonderful stay. Goodbye.	
USER	I am looking for an expensive gastropub restaurant in Cambridge	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I see there are two in centre and one in East area. Do you have a preference?	
USER	Yes I need the one in the east.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great! That's the Royal Standard at 290 Mill Road City Centre cb13nl. Would you like to book a table?	restaurant
USER	Yes. We need a table for 2 at 14:45 on Saturday.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sorry booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different time?	
USER	How about at 13:45?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your table is booked! It will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is 9M44WAHK .	
USER	Thank you so much. Can you help me find a place to stay? I would like a 3 star place that's in the expensive price range.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I recommend the Lensfield hotel on the south side. Shall I book a room?	
USER	I would like it to have free parking, please.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Lensfield has free parking and free internet. Did you need a room there, or perhaps their address?	hotel
USER	I would like to book a room, please.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, I can book a room for you at the Lensfield Hotel, I just need some information. For starters, what day would you like to check in?	
USER	Actually, I think I'll hold off on the reservation, but can you provide their phone number, please?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Lensfield Hotel's phone number is 01223355017.	
USER	Thank you. Do you know what type of hotel Lensfield is?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It is a hotel, expensive. What else would you like to know?	
USER	Does this hotel offer free wifi?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes it does.	
USER	I need to book a taxi to go between both places,needs to arrive after we finish at restaurant and I need car type and number	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, I've booked a white Tesla for you, their contact number is 07752313537. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	Actually, I know I said *after* we finish at the restaurant, but it turns out I need the taxi arrives at the restaurant at the reservation time - 13:45 on Saturday	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok I changed that for you. You will have a white audi contact number 07235895362	
USER	Great, thanks so much. Sorry for the confusion.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It's no problem. Is there something else I could assist you with today?	
USER	That is everything, thanks for your help.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!	
USER	Hi, can you suggest some tourist sites to visit in Cambridge?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 79 tourist sites listed in Cambridge. What type of attraction are you interested in seeing?	
USER	Yes, I'd love to visit a college. Is there a nice one in the city centre?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Christ's College is on Saint Andrew's Street in the centre. It is lovely.	attraction
USER	What's the entrance fee, address, and phone number?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Christ's college is free to enter. It's located on saint andrew's street, and their phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	I am looking for a train that will leave after 14:00 and should depart from cambridge.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sure we can find what you're looking for. Where will you be traveling to?	
USER	I will be going to Norwich this Thursday.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	How about the TR5190 train? It leaves Cambridge at 14:36 and arrives in Norwich at 15:55.	
USER	That sounds perfect, that's all that I needed to know, thank you for your help!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for choosing the help desk. Good Bye	
USER	Hi, I'm curious about attractions located in the center of town.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I have over 40 great attractions in the town centre. How do you feel about entrance fees?	
USER	I don't care about entrance fees.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you have a preference for a particular area of town?	
USER	Yes I would like the center.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	How about all saints church?	attraction
USER	Sounds good, could I get the address please?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	All Saints Church Jesus Lane, postal code cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	no that takes crare of it	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!	
USER	I am trying to find a museum to go to while I am in Cambridge on holiday.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several museums in Cambridge. Is there a certain area you are hoping to visit?	
USER	I have no particular area in mind. Which do you recommend and can I get the entrance fee and phone number please?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 23 museums in the area of cambridge what area do you want?	
USER	I'm departing cambridge . Can you find a train that leaves after 08:15?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Where will you be going and on what day?	
USER	I am trying to get to peterborough on Thursday please.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	TR4863 leave at 08:34, would that work for you?	
USER	Yes thank you, I would like to book for one ticket. I would also like the reference number please.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book that ticket for you. Your reference number is EMF3A2D0 . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?	
USER	Yes can you get me the phone number and entrance fee of a museum? It can be located anywhere in Cambridge.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have the byard art museum in the south. The phone number is 01223464646 and it is free to enter. Can I help you with anything else today?	
USER	I believe that is all, thank you	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a great day!	
USER	I'm looking for an attraction in the category of swimming pool.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I've got four pools for you. What area are you in?	
USER	I'm pretty open. Can you list the areas? I'll choose one of the four.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, west, east, south and north.	
USER	Please tell me about the locations of some pools in the south.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I am sorry but there are none in the south. I have one east, two north and one centre.	
USER	One in the east is fine. I need the address please?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The abbey pool and astroturf pitch is located at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Do you need anything else?	
USER	Yes, I'm also looking for a guesthouse in a moderate price range.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	What area would you like to stay in?	
USER	The area doesn't matter, but it should have 4 stars please.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The acorn guest house is awesome. I would suggest that place.	hotel
USER	Could you book rooms for 7 people for 4 nights starting from Saturday?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have you booked for 4 days. What else can I do for you?	
USER	I will need the reference number.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	the reference number is 9g1eycif .	
USER	That is all I need. Thank you for your help!	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	No problem. Enjoy your stay.	
USER	Can you help me find a concert hall?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There is one concert hall in town, The Man on the Moon, located at 2 norfolk street in the centre of town. Do you need more information?	
USER	I need a concerthall on the west area of town.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I am sorry I have only one listing for the city center. Would you consider other attractions?	
USER	Yes, I would consider a museum.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	great, there are 7 museums in the west.	
USER	Can you make a recommendation and please provide the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Cafe Jello Gallery Phone is o12233289438 and is on 13 Madalene treet	
USER	I'm looking for lodgings on the east side, in the expensive price range.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Express by Holiday Inn is located at 15-17 Norman Way int he Coldhams Business Park which is located in the east.	hotel
USER	it doesn't need a free parking. Can you book a room for me?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, how many people and what day would you like to book?	
USER	I do not need to book.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I may help you with today?	
USER	I just need to know the how many stars it has, the phone number there, and if they have WiFi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, it has two stars, includes wifi, and the phone number is 01223866800. Can I help you with any thing else today?	
USER	I am also trying to find a Venetian restaurant. Are there any in town?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, we have thanh binh on the West side. Would you like a reservation?	restaurant
USER	Please book it for me.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?	
USER	Can you make a reservation for Monday at 19:30 for 8 people?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely. Anything else I can assist you with?	
USER	Um I think you're getting ahead of yourself? I'm still waiting on that reference number for the booking you said you'd complete....	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately I can't get that booking for you. Is there anything else I can do for you?	
USER	Oh...alright...well I guess not then. You weren't very helpful but whatever bye	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I am sorry for the delay. Also, there are no Venetian restaurants. Did you want a Vietnamese restaurant instead?	
USER	I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and doesn't need to include internet	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright, I've found several options. What price range are you looking for?	
USER	It doesn't matter	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alpha-milton guest house doesn't offer internet. It is rated three stars, in the north part of town. Should I book this?	
USER	No, I need a guesthouse with free wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	a and b guest house is a guesthouse that includes wifi. It's in the East side of town with a moderate price range. Should I book it for you?	
USER	No, I just need to know if they have free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	They do not have parking.	
USER	Ok, I would prefer something else with parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Allenbell looks like it would be a good choice.	
USER	Thanks, does it have free wifi as well?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, they provide both internet and parking at their establishment.	
USER	Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Good bye, enjoy your stay.	
USER	I've been robbed. Can I get some help?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Please contact the Parkside, Cambridge police station, the telephone number is 01223358966.	
USER	Thank you, that is all I need. Goodbye.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome. Do you need any further assistance?	
USER	I am looking for Warkworth House hotel. Any information on it?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It's a guesthouse in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating, internet, and free parking.	
USER	Ok, and what area of town is that in?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It is in the east part of town.	
USER	Thank you. Are there any attractions I could visit in the town centre?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 25 possible attractions in the requested area. Are you looking for any specific types of attractions?	
USER	No not really. Can you recommend me an attraction that's in the centre area? Can I also get the address, entrance fee, and phone number for it? Thanks!	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are forty four attractions in that area, could you tell me what type you would like to book?	
USER	Whatever is the most popular attraction	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You should check out All Saints Church. It has great architecture and free entrance. It's located on Jesus Lane cb58bs. The phone is 01223452587. Would that work for you?	
USER	Great, thank you for the info. Have a nice day!	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Did you need any further assistance today, or are you all set?	
USER	I'm all set. Thanks for your assistance.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	We are happy to help. Thanks for using our service.	
USER	Hi, I need a place to stay with free wifi and in a moderate price range.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 17 hotels in the moderate range that offer internet access. Do you have a particular part of town you wish to stay in?	
USER	I prefer the eastern part of town and something that is 4-star rated.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 3 hotels listed that have of your requirements. Do you have any parking needs?	
USER	Yes I am looking for free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	carolina bed and breakfast has free parking and is moderately priced. Can I book a reservation for you?	
USER	No thanks, I am not quite ready to make a reservation yet. Thanks for the information.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright, can I get anything else?	
USER	No, that's all I need. I'm going to give the hotel a call. Thank you for your help!	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Excellent. Have a good one!	
USER	I am looking for a train arriving by 9:45 on Tuesday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	May I get your departure and destination information please?	
USER	I am going from Cambridge to Leicester.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR2863 departs from Cambridge at 07:21 and arrive in Leicester by 09:06. Would you like to book this train?	
USER	Maybe... how much does it cost?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It costs 37.80 pounds per ticket.	
USER	I'm sorry, we have that mixed up. I need to depart from leicester and go to cambridge. Do you have a train that arrives by 09:45 in cambridge?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR6954 departs from Leicester at 07:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 08:54. Would you like to book this train?	
USER	Can you verify the cost for train TR6954 for me?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The cost for this particular train is 37.80 pounds per ticket. Would you like assistance booking tickets for this train?	
USER	Yes I would like help with booking the train and I will also need to book a hotel.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking reference is NT43PSC0 . Now, if you let me know what type of hotel you are interested in, I can help you with that as well.	
USER	Can you help me find a 5-star room somewhere that offers free parking and wifi?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There don't seem to be any 5-star lodgings in the city. Would you like to try searching for 4 stars instead?	
USER	Yes, 4 stars would be fine.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The acorn guest house is a 4 star hotel located in the north side. Would you like to make reservations?	hotel
USER	Yes please. There are 5 of us total and we need 4 nights in a row. Thank you.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day would like to start your stay?	
USER	I'd like to start my stay on Tuesday, please.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok great! I was able to get you booked, your reference number is N4TJE8VR . Is there anything else that I can help you with?	
USER	Nope, that'll take care of everything, thanks!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Have a great stay!	
USER	Hi. Can you help me find a train?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	what day would you like to leave?	
USER	I want to leave on Sunday, please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where will you be departing from?	
USER	I'll be departing from cambridge and want to arrive by 19:30 on sunday. Could I also get the train ID as well?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 146 departures from Cambridge on Sunday that match your arrive by time. Where is your destination?	
USER	kings lynn and I also looking for a restaurant in the south and expensive price range	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, I can help you with that. First, let's find the train. How early would you like to leave?	
USER	arriving by 19:30 on sunday. I need the train's ID please. Leaving cambridge going to kings lynn	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR3212 leaves Cambridge at 05:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn at 05:58. Will this one work for you?	
USER	I'd like something a little later in the day, please.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR2045 leaves at 18:11 and arrives at 18:38. Would that be acceptable?	
USER	that sound just fine	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you like me to book tickets for you?	
USER	please do. i would also like help finding an expensive restaurant.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How many seats do you need on that train?	
USER	I do not need train reservations. I need help finding a restaurant.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several fine restaurants. What area and what type of food would you enjoy?	
USER	South area, and food type doesn't matter. I need it for 3 people at 15:45 on the same day, if that time doesn't work 14:45 and i'd like a reference number.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are booked at frankie and bennys for 3 at 1545. your booking number is T01E84XG	restaurant
USER	Thank you for your help. That is all I need.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay. Glad I could be of help.	
USER	I am looking for a hotel in Cambridge.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are over 30 places of lodging in the city. Would you prefer a certain part of town, or a particular type of lodging such as a guest house or hotel?	
USER	Just a 4 star guesthouse that has free parking please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What area would you like the guesthouse to be in?	
USER	Do not care what area,it will be for 2 people and for 4 nights starting Wednesday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you like me to book you at the acorn guest house? It has free parking and it's a 4-star hotel.	hotel
USER	Can we book it for 2 people for 4 nights?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I am sorry I couldn't get that booked for you perhaps another day or a shorter day possibly?	
USER	Could you try it for one night only?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes booking is available for one night,would you like me to place it?	
USER	Yes please, and I'll need the reference number.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok I have made that reservation for you the reference number is OXWO0RWD .	
USER	I am also looking for an expensive mediterranean restaurant in the west.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry there are no matches for what you are looking for. Would you like something else?	
USER	Yes, how about a restaurant that serves Indian food?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 5 Expensive Indian restaurants in the west. I recommend Cocum. Would you like me to make a reservation?	
USER	Cocum sound fine, but I just need the postcode, please. No reservation.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course. The postcode for the Cocum is cb30ah. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	Thank you! That's all I need. Goodbye!	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Enjoy your meal!	
USER	Can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving on tuesday?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where are you departing from and what is your departure time?	
USER	I'll be departing Bishops Stortford. My departure time is flexible, but I need to arrive by 16:30.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Bishops Stortford to Cambridge at 15:29 is scheduled to arrive at 16:07. The one before that is two hours earlier.	
USER	Could you give me the price and train ID for that one please?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR1392. 10.10 pounds. Is there anything else?	
USER	I'm looking for places to go in town centre. I'm interested in entertainment. Can you suggest a place to go?	train, attraction, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many attractions do you want a church,or park or water slide ?	
USER	I was looking for entertainment, but if there is nothing how about a college?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I think i can get for you anything else	
USER	I need a train for this Friday that leaves anytime after 2:15 that afternoon.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are a total of 204 trains leaving after 2:15 in the afternoon on Friday. Where would you like to go?	
USER	I would like to go to Stevenage please and depart from Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 5 such trains. Do you want to set an arrival time?	
USER	I don't care about when it arrives.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train TR0217 leaves at 5:21 in the afternoon, would you like me to book it?	
USER	Not right now, but I was wondering if you could tell me about expensive restaurants in the center of town.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 33 options. What food type do you prefer?	
USER	I don't care about the food type.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How does bedouin sound, they serve african food.	
USER	That sounds great. What is their price range?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The bedouin is expensive.	restaurant
USER	Let's go ahead and book that for 8 people at 10:30 on Friday, and I will need that reference number, please.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked your table at the bedouin. Your reference number is 52CPSY3C and we hope you have a great day!	
USER	Can you give me some information on the Avalon Hotel?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd be happy to. The Avalon is a guesthouse located on the north side. It's moderately priced, has 4-stars and offers free wifi. Would you like to book a room?	
USER	Not at the moment, can I have their phone number?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly, the phone number is 01223353071. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	No, that covers it. Thanks!	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great! Have a wonderful day! Goodbye!	
USER	Looking for a restaurant on the South part of town?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What type of food would you like?	
USER	I do not have a preference.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you have any preference on the cost?	
USER	I would like something in the cheap price range, please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is a very popular Chinese restaurant in the south part of town called The Lucky Star, it is in the cheap price range.	restaurant
USER	Can I have the address and phone number please?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Their number is 01223 244277 and they are located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Can I be of any further assistance?	
USER	Thank you goodbye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.	
USER	I am looking for a French restaurant.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is one in the centre of town and one in the north area of town. Which one would you prefer?	
USER	North Part of Town	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Restaurant Two Two is a French restaurant located in the north part of town, but it is pricey. Would you like more information?	
USER	Yes, what is the address of Restaurant Two Two?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The address is 22 Chesterton Road.	
USER	Thank you, good bye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Good bye.	
USER	I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly. Some choices that fit your criteria are Bedouin, Kymmoy, and Fitzbillies Restaurant.	
USER	What are the different food types of these restaurants?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	In the same order: African, Asian Oriental, British. Do any of these fancy you?	
USER	Not actually. I won't be needing anything else at this time. thank you. Good bye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You don't need any other information?	
USER	That's all I need from you today. Thanks.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright. I hope you have a wonderful day!	
USER	Thank you for your help	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!	
USER	Hi! I'm looking for an attraction named Kambar.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	It is a nightclub in centre at 1 wheeler street. Phone is 01223842725. Do you need any more information?	
USER	thanks i want to get its entry fee and address	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The address was just given to you and the phone is 01223842725.	
USER	Is there a entrance fee?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, there is a 5 pound entrance fee for the club.	
USER	I am also interested in a place to stay, that includes free parking.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you have an area or price range in mind?	
USER	I would like an expensive 3-star hotel.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Gonville hotel is in the centre, the lensfield is in the south, any preferences?	
USER	What do you recommend?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	in my opinion, the lensfield is much more updated than the gonville. do you need me to book a room?	
USER	Just to confirm, does the Lensfield have free parking? If so I'd like to book for 6 people, 3 nights, starting on thursday.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The Lensfield Hotel does have free parking. I can assist you with that reservation.	
USER	Yes, can you please book a room with the details I already provided.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Your room has been booked. Your reference number is CAFW873C .	
USER	Thank you so much. I appreciate your help with this.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	No problem. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	That is all, thank you for all your help.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.	
USER	I'm looking for a cheap portuguese restaurant	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Nandos in the South and Nandos City Centre in Centre meet that criteria. Would you like more information on either of these?	restaurant
USER	Yes, could I get the location and the phone number please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you want the information on Nandos in the south or the Nandos City Centre?	
USER	I prefer the Nandos in the City Center. Also, I need information about museums or art galleries in the west.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Nandos' number is 01223327908. There are several museums in the west. I've heard that Cafe Jello Gallery has some lovely pieces. Or would you like to hear about the others?	
USER	Yes, I am looking to kill some time in town. Are there any museums on the west side?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, Cafe Jello Gallery fits that bill. Admission is free and it is located at Cafe Jello Gallery, 13 Magdalene Street. There are others in the area as well.	
USER	Thank you. What is the post code for Cafe Jello Gallery?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Their postcode is cb30af.	
USER	Great I also need to get a taxi between the two places.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay. Which site will you need to be picked up from, and what is your timeframe?	
USER	I would like to leave the restaurant by 04:00.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked the taxi for you picking you up at 04:00 at nandos going to the cafe jello gallery. Look out for a grey toyota.	
USER	Can I get a contact number at least?	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	The contact number is 07107662669.	
USER	Thank you, that should be all for today.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using the service, have a good day.	
USER	I'm looking for some cheap Chinese food. Got any restaurants that fit the bill?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes there are four. What area would you like to dine in, the centre or south?	
USER	I would like the centre.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 3 cheap chinese restaurants in the centre. charlie chan, rice house, and golden house. Would you like to make a reservation?	
USER	Yes, I'd like to make a reservation at the Rice House for one person at 11:00 on Sunday please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I made a booking for you on that day. Your reference number is O2T3BYQU . What else can I do for you?	
USER	I am looking for any multiple sport attractions near the restaurant to visit.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	We don't have any sports attractions in the centre.	
USER	Are there any museums in that area?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, quite a few! There's the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology, the Whipple Museum of the History of Science, and more. Would you like to hear about some of the others?	
USER	Please provide the entrance fees.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The entrance fees vary. I can show you something with no entrance fee if you'd like?	
USER	I would like you to pick a nice on and give me more info on it please.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	castle galleries has free entry. Their phone number is 01223307402, postcode cb23bj, and address unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street	
USER	Yes that one sounds nice. Can you tell me when they open and close also?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry their hours aren't listed, you can call them at 01223307402 for that information. Is there anything else you need help with today?	
USER	No that's everything for me today! Thank you!	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!	
USER	I'm looking for an indonesian restaurant that's moderate in price.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no Indonesian restaurants in the moderate price range would you like me to search for something else?	
USER	Are you sure? I thought there was one located in the centre of town.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately I do not see any indonesian restaurants. Maybe you would like asain instead?	
USER	Asian oriental food sounds good. What options do you have available?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have a few, what price range do you prefer?	
USER	I'm not really worried about price. Which do you suggest that is located in the centre?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Th Kymmoy is expensive but very nice.	
USER	I think I would like to be in the moderate price range please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The yippee noddle bar is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a table?	
USER	Actually, can you give me the phone number for Yippee Noodle Bar instead?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223518111. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	I am also looking for a train. The train should arrive by 16:15 and should leave on Friday.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sure we can find your perfect train for you. What are your departure and arrival locations?	
USER	I want to go to norwich from cambridge.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The first train from Cambridge to Norwich leaves at 05:36, and there are trains every hour thereafter. The duration of the trip is 79 minutes. Which departure time works best for you?	
USER	Can you suggest one? I would like to arrive in Norwich about 4:15 PM.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would recommend TR8314, which will get you there at 15:55. Would you like me to book your ticket?	
USER	Yes, one ticket please.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .	
USER	When does the TR8314 leave?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It will leave at 14:36	
USER	Great! Thanks for all your help.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	No, that is all. Thanks, goodbye.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome! Have a great day!	
USER	I'm in the mood for some modern eclectic food so please find me a cheap restaurant that sells some	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, I wasn't able to find any of those.	
USER	How about Indian, instead?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are four cheap Indian restaurants in Cambridge. What area of town were you interested in?	
USER	I want one on the west side of town. If there's not one there then the centre of town will be fine.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	we don't have any on the westside, but three in the city centre. Might I suggest the Kohinoor?	restaurant
USER	That sounds great! Could you book a table there for 12:00 on Saturday? Just me.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VSJ2W6N3 . Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	I am also looking for a place to stay.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What area would you like it to be in?	
USER	The area doesn't matter.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Well do you have a price preference?	
USER	I would prefer a guesthouse and free wifi and parking.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you have a price range or star rating in mind?	
USER	I don't care, book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking number is GC8V34OD for the Acorn guest house at 154 chesterton road for 1 person on Saturday for 2 days is set.	hotel
USER	Thank you, that is all that I need.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our services. Have a great stay!	
USER	Yes, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants when I am there. Can you help me find a place to dine?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What type of cuisine do you enjoy?	
USER	I enjoy Chinese food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You have many choices for chinese in cambridge, any preference on price or area?	
USER	I would like that to be in a expensive price range and should be in the centre.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have three places fitting that. Shall I book one?	
USER	Yes. Wednesday. 6 people at 15:30.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful at HK Fusion. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1ZF8E0IV . Anything else I can help with?	restaurant
USER	I'm also looking for a particular attraction. It's called Scudamores Punting Co. Could you give me their information?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Scudamores is a fun boat attraction in the center of town. They're located at Granta Place, Mill Lane, cb21rs. Can I help with anything else today?	
USER	Yes. Can I also have their phone number.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. You can phone at 01223359750. What else can I help with?	
USER	That will be all, thank you.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I am glad I could help you, Thank you.	
USER	I'm looking for an inexpensive African restaurant.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sorry, no matches matched your search. Do you want a different price range?	
USER	No thank you. Is there any inexpensive restaurants that serve Asian oriental food?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, Dojo Noodle Bar and J Restaurant in the city centre both have what you're looking for. Would you like to book a table at one of them?	restaurant
USER	That sounds great. Would you book either of those for me for Wednesday at 20:00 for 6 people?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book at J restaurant for you. Your reference number is 3KVIT5AR . They will only hold the table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else?	restaurant
USER	Nope that sounds great, thank you	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!	
USER	I need a train leaving Cambridge on Sunday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Can I get your destination please?	
USER	Stansted Airport please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time would you like to leave?	
USER	Leave after 14:45. I need a booking for 7 people and the reference number.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 56.56 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : LZY6ET2M . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?	
USER	i'm also looking for info about a restaurant.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What part of town would you like ?	
USER	I am specifically looking for a restaurant called fitzbillies restaurant. I am wanting to book a table for 10:15 for 7 people on Sunday.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright I booked that, and your reference is PMCEY5JA . Anything else I can do?	
USER	Thanks so much for your help, I think that will be all I need today.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're very welcome. Enjoy your stay.	
USER	I am looking for the Limehouse hotel.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Limehouse guesthouse is located in the north at 78-80 Milton Road	
USER	I'd like to make a reservation for Thursday for 6 people and we want to stay 2 nights please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, but there are no rooms available for the days you have requested. Would you like to try another hotel?	
USER	Yes, in the same price range please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I am sorry there are no others in that price range or in that area,could I search another area for one?	
USER	Are you sure there's nothing available? I really need something in the same price range as Limehouse.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I show acorn guest house which is in the same area and price range. Would you like me to check availability there?	hotel
USER	Yes please check it for me.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have good news. I was able to book you into the Acorn guesthouse and your reference number is DT4ENVMJ .	
USER	Oh good. Thank you for your help!	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	No. that's all. Thanks again!	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our service.	
USER	I am staying in the centre of cambridge, can you tell me about places to go there?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, what type of place interests you?	
USER	It doesn't matter but can I get their entrance fee.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Castle Galleries is located in the centre of town and are free to enter.	
USER	OK, that sounds great. I also need a train to get me to Cambridge.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have several options but if you let me know your preferred departure point, day and time i can recommend the best option for you.	
USER	I will be departing from Kings Lynn on Saturday.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	i found 19.what time would you like to go	
USER	I need to leave after 20:00.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 4 trains that match your criteria. The first leaves at 20:11, then 21:11. 22:11 and 23:11. Which one would you like to book?	
USER	Please book the one for 21:11 please.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay. Booking was successful. Your reference number is CJNO95ZP . Anything else?	
USER	That is all I needed. Thanks!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a great day.	
USER	where is the Addenbrookes Hospital?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Addenbrookes Hospital is in Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is their any particular department you are looking for?	
USER	No but I would like the phone number and postcode please.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number is 01223245151 and the Postcode is CB20QQ. Is there anything else?	
USER	What is their address?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It's on Hills Rd in Cambridge.	
USER	Ok, I'll call an Uber.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Good luck and stay safe!	
USER	i am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called restaurant two two.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Restaurant Two Two is an expensive french restaurant on the north side. Would you like to make a reservation?	
USER	Can you book a table for 8 people at 11:00 on thursday?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, your ref. # is E7D8F4SM . Can I help you with anything more?	
USER	No thank you! That is all!	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a great day!	
USER	Hi, I'm going to be visiting soon, and I am interested in trying a restaruant called Curry Prince. Could you give me more information about it?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes it's an Indian restaurant in the east at the moderate price range. Would you like the address and phone number?	
USER	No but I would like to make a booking for 5 people at 18:30 on sunday.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	No problem! I got that booked for your party of five. The reference number is JVGYC33Y . Do you need anything else?	
USER	I am also looking for a train. It should should depart from London Kings Cross and should be on the same day.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have several trains available. What is your destination and preferred time of departure and arrival?	
USER	The train should go to cambridge and should arrive by 15:00,can you book it for me ?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there a time you would like to leave by?	
USER	No I just need to make sure I get there by 15:00. I will need the train ID and departure time please.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is a train leaving at 13:17. Would you like me to book the train for you?	
USER	I just need the train's departure time and ID.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, the TR1688 leaves at 13:17.	
USER	OKay perfect do you think you could book that for me please?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok I will book it for you	
USER	i need somewhere to go.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are so many great things to do in Cambridge. Let's narrow your search. Would you like to go to a restaurant, hotel, or attraction?	
USER	I am looking for a nice museum	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I found some great museums. Can you specify on the types of museum you are looking for?	
USER	You may suggest one to me.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The cambridge and county folk museum is in the west part of town etrance fee is 3.50 pounds	
USER	Are there any free attractions in the area?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Cafe jello gallery is in the west and has free admission. Is that better for you?	
USER	That sounds great. Can I get the phone number for it?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number for cafe jello gallery is 01223312112. Can I help you with anything else today?	
USER	Thanks. I also need a hotel in the south.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	How about the bridge guest house located in the south area of town?	
USER	how many stars does it have?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	It is rated 3 stars. Does that work for you?	
USER	I need something with 4 stars.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	In that case I will suggest Aylesbray lodge guest house.	hotel
USER	Yes, that will be fine. I will need a reservation starting on Wednesday.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	How many days did you want the booking for? And for how many people?	
USER	I almost forgot, my husband would like for the hotel to have free wifi. Does that hotel meet that criteria?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, it does have free wifi. Would you like to continue with the reservation?	
USER	Yes please. 2 people for 5 nights beginning on Wednesday and I will need the reference number after booking is complete.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, you're all set! The reference number is EK9KZ64S . Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?	
USER	I need a cheap place to stay, what would you recommend?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have about 10 different options. Do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?	
USER	It doesn't matter. I need free parking and prefer a place with 4 stars.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is in the centre of town, has 4 stars, is cheap, and has free parking and internet. Would this work for you?	
USER	Yes, this will work for me. Please send me the address, postcode and reference number.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely. The Address is: 56 saint barnabas road cb12de and I can give you the reference number after we book it.	
USER	What type of hotel is this?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It is a guesthouse.	
USER	And what type of hotel is that?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	A guesthouse is a type of hotel, thus it is a guesthouse type.	
USER	I'd like some information on a train next.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where will you be departing from?	
USER	I will be departing from Kings Lynn, and traveling to Cambridge.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many trains to your destination what time would you like to leave?	
USER	The train should arrive by 16:45 and should leave on wednesday.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR2452 arrives in Cambridge leaves at 15:11 and arrives at 15.58. Would you like to book it?	
USER	No, thanks! How long is the travel time?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The travel time is 47 minutes and is 9.80 pounds. Can I give you more information about this train or book you a seat?	
USER	No thank you. That is all I need today.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you and have a great trip.	
USER	I am looking for a place to visit in town that is architecture.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	What kind of architecture are you looking for? Churches or schools?	
USER	I'd like churches, and any really old buildings. If you could give me the addresses of a few of those that would be great.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	All saints church is on jesus lane with free entrance, great saint mary's church is located at market square and has an entrance fee of 2 pounds.	
USER	What is the post code for that place and the area of town it is in?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The postcode for All Saints Church is cb58bs and it is located in the city center.	
USER	Great. I also need a gastropub restaurant in the east that is expensive.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have the royal standard. Would you like me to make a booking for you?	restaurant
USER	Yes please. For 3 people at 12:45 on Friday.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You are set, the reference number is 8XDU4HAN, can I help with anything else?	
USER	Thank you that is all I needed today.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using the help desk, enjoy your day.	
USER	Howdy, it would help me a great deal if you could please get me some information about the alexander bed and breakfast	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	it is a cheap guest house located in the centre. you want their phone number?	
USER	I would like the address please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	They are located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Do you need help with anything else today?	
USER	Could you provide me with the star rating of the Alexander bed and breakfast?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	They are 4 stars. Does that work for you?	
USER	Yes, that is perfect! Can you also find a restaurant in the centre? I'm looking for Mediterranean, but not too expensive.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Gardenia is your best bet. It's cheap, but fantastic. Would you like to book a table?	restaurant
USER	I need the phone number, address, and postcode	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number is 01223356354.	
USER	I need the address and postcode. I need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel by 19:00. I need the contact number and car type please.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The gardenia is located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre. Their post code is cb23ll. I can help you with the taxi. Where are you departing from?	taxi
USER	I will be departing the hotel by 19:00.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book that for you. Be expecting a yellow Skoda. Should you need to reach them, please call 07153240944.	
USER	Great, thanks for your help!	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you anything else you need help with today?	
USER	No, that will be all. Thank you very much for your help.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I glad we could assist you today. Feel free to contact us anytime, and have a pleasant trip.	
USER	I'm looking for a train departing from cambridge going to birmingham new street.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Please let me know what time you would like to arrive or when you would like to depart.	
USER	I need to leave after 11:15 on Sunday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train TR0686 will work for you. Would you like me to book you passage?	
USER	Not yet. What time will that arrive in Birmingham?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train TR0686 will arrive at Birmingham New Street at 14:44.	
USER	Okay what is the price per ticket?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The price per ticket is 60.08 pounds, how many travelers will be requiring tickets?	
USER	No tickets yet. But I do need info on a swimming pool in the north. I you could recommend one?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay I have two to choose from. Would you like me to recommend one to you?	
USER	Yes please. I'll also need the entrance fee, post code and address.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	which one would you like jesus green outdoor pool or kings hedges learner pool?	attraction
USER	The outdoor pool please.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	jesus green outdoor pool is located between victoria road and the river, cb43px. Phone number is 01223302579. I'm afraid I don't have an entrance fee listed though.	
USER	That's okay. That will be it. Thanks for all your help!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	thank you. Is there anything else?	
USER	No, that is all the help I need for today. Thanks again!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're very welcome. Please contact us again, if we can be of further assistance.	
USER	Hello. I need help finding a train on Friday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can help you with that! So that I can serve you better, can you tell me your departure and arrival locations?	
USER	I'm departing from london kings cross and going to cambridge on Friday. I'm working, so I have to wait until after 11:45 to leave.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I show train TR4748 departing friday from cambridge at 13:17. Would you like me to book it for you?	
USER	Yes please. Could you also give me the price?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The price for that train is 23.60 pounds.	
USER	Thank you that will work fine for me and my husband	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Wonderful! Thank you	
USER	Can you help me find a good hotel? I need one in the south.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have found 1 hotel and 3 guesthouses in the South area that is available for you. Would you like for me to book one for you?	
USER	I need one with free wifi and parking, please.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, I found three guesthouses and one hotel. Would you prefer a certain type?	
USER	The hotel please, thanks.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Lensfield hotel is exactly what you are looking for. Would you like a reservation?	hotel
USER	Yes, please. Thanks!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day would you like to book the hotel and how long will your stay be?	
USER	On second thought I just wanted to find a hotel in the south area. Thanks so much for your help!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is only one hotel in that area but it is expensive, shall I book it for you?	
USER	Can you tell me more about the attraction called cambridge museum of technology?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, I have pulled up information on this. What would you like to know?	
USER	What part of town is it in? Do you have the postcode?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	It is in the east and the postcode is cb58Id.	
USER	Awesome. Now please find me a train from Cambridge to London Liverpool street	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	On what day will you be travelling?	
USER	I leave on Monday.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd be happy to help with your request, do you have a time in mind for departure or arrival?	
USER	I would like to leave after 14:00 on monday.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR3602 leaves at 15:59 and arrives at 17:27. Would you like me to book that for you?	
USER	No, I just need the information for right now. Thanks for all your assistance!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're very welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	That's all I need, thank you so much! Have a great day!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Great, glad I could help!	
USER	I would like to eat at cheap restaurant in the centre while I am here in Cambridge.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there a food type you have a preference for? Spanish, Italian, Chinese, Indian are just some of the choices.	
USER	No, I don't really care what kind of food it is as long as it's cheap. I will need a reservation for 1 person at 14:45 on Monday.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, I've got the dojo noddle bar in the centre of town that serves cheap food. How will that be?	restaurant
USER	I'd like to book a table for 1 at 14:45 on monday, please. I also need the reference number.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked the restaurant for you. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is Y3MGYYH6 .	
USER	I also need a hotel that is near the restaurant.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There a 5 places in the centre. Do you have a preferred price range?	
USER	No price range. I do need it to have free wifi and parking though. Can you tell me what star that hotel would be?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How about el shaddai? It has free parking and wifi and is in the centre of town.	taxi
USER	That sounds good. What is it's star rating, please?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The star rating is 0. Would you still like me to book this hotel for you?	
USER	I don't need a booking, but I need a taxi commuting between that hotel and the booked restaurant.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Taxi booking completed! Your car is a Grey Audi, their contact number is 07263703306.	
USER	Great thank you very much	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	Will the taxi arrive by the booked time?	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, your taxi will arrive by the booked time of 14:45. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	Just the telephone number of the taxi please.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The contact number is 07263703306. Can I provide any further assistance today?	
USER	Thanks I have everything I need. Goodbye!	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge Towninfo Centre	
USER	Hi, I'm looking for information on entertainment attractions located in the centre.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry. At the moment there are no entertainment attractions available in the centre.	
USER	Can you help me find a restaurant?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, I can help with that. Are you sure I can't help you find another attraction that you may like? There are so many great things to see.	
USER	You convinced me. How about a college?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, there several colleges available. Most have free entry. Do you have one in mind?	
USER	No. Just give me your best recommendation.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I recommend emmanuel college they are free to visit and located on saint andrew's street. Do you still want me to find a restaurant?	
USER	Not at this time but could you help me with a moderate priced hotel	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	We have 18 choice sany other preferences, any at all? please dont make me pick between 18 places, I want to make sure we find a good fit for you.	
USER	I need a moderately priced hotel with free parking and wifi.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Please show me a moderately priced hotel nearby, and please make sure it includes free wifi and parking.	
USER	I need a moderately priced hotel with free parking and wifi.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I RECOMMEND acorn guest house	hotel
USER	That sounds good. please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, I've made the booking for you. Your reference number is : UZ1KFAAI .	
USER	that is all i needed for now. have a great day	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thanks! You have a great day as well! Bye!	
USER	Can you help me find a train leaving on Wednesday?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, which stations will you be using?	
USER	I want to leave from Cambridge and arrive at London Liverpool Street.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR5285 leaves at 13:59 amd costs 16.60 pounds. how many seats do i book?	
USER	I just need the travel time on that one	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The travel time is 88 minutes. Can I help with anything else?	
USER	Yes, I'm looking for colleges in the centre.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd suggest christ's college. Would you like more information?	attraction
USER	Yes. Is there an entrance fee?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	No. It is free.	
USER	Can I have the address and postcode? Thanks for your help!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes the postcode is cb23bu and the address is saint andrew's street.	
USER	You have been very helpful. That is all I need, thanks. Bye.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Your welcome. I am glad I could help.	
USER	I need to find a place to eat in Centre please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Golden House is located at 12 Lensfield Road in the City Centre. The phone number is 01842753771.	restaurant
USER	Thank you. Can you let me know what the price range for the restraunt is? I'm looking for somewhere cheap.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Golden House is in the cheap price range. Would you like to book a table?	
USER	What is the food type?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	They serve chinese food there.	
USER	No. I need a guest house, same price as the dining place.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What area would you like to stay in?	
USER	meh, i don't really care about the area.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are two guesthouses in the centre area. Alexander Bed and Breakfast and El Shaddai. Would you like a reservation for one of these?	taxi
USER	Sure. I need a hotel for 5 people and 5 nights, starting on Tuesday. Please book El Shaddai for me.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're booked! Your reference number is 0H9B4720 . Can I assist you with anything further?	
USER	Yes, I'd like a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel, leaving by 18:45.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	sure thing a black ford will be picking you up, contact number is 07417685839, anything else today?	
USER	That will be all today, thank you.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.	
USER	Yes, I am looking for information on train schedules for my upcoming trip.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What is your travel destination so I can narrow it down to a useful schedule?	
USER	I'm trying to go to cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where will you be departing from? Also, what day will you be traveling?	
USER	I'll be departing from the stansted airport on monday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	And what time were you looking to depart?	
USER	Doesn't matter, as long as I arrived by 12:45.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I've found TR5754 leaving stansted airport at 11:24 and arriving in cambridge at 11:52. The price is 10.10 pounds, can I book this for you?	
USER	No. I do need to find a swimming pool in the west.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	how about parkside pools? they're pretty fun.	
USER	Is parkside pools on the west side?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	No, it's located in the centre.	
USER	That won't work then. I need one in the west.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no pools in the west, can I run another search for you?	
USER	How about a museum?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are a few available. I highly suggest Cambridge Artworks located on 5 Greens Road. Do you need any information?	
USER	Thanks for the information, that is all.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Can I look up any attractions, taxi or anything else for you?	
USER	No, that is all I need today. Thank you so much.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our services. Have a good day.	
USER	I need a hotel in the east which includes free wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes I have a few in the east that have internet,would you like me to get the information on a few for you?	
USER	yes, I would also like for it to be a guesthouse style and in the area of east, thank you	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have a few different options available, did you preference a moderate or cheap priced hotel?	
USER	I don't have a preference on price. It also doesn't need to have free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I found one option with your preferences, the A and B Guest House. It has a moderate price range and 4 stars.	taxi
USER	That sounds lovely. I also am looking for an Italian restaurant in the moderate price range, can you help me?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely, you have five choices. Would you prefer a place in the south, centre, west, or east side of Cambridge?	
USER	I'd like a place in the east, please.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That would be pizza Hut Fen Ditton, what time would you like to go?	restaurant, taxi
USER	I'd like a reservation for 6 people at 14:45 on saturday.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I am very sorry I was unable to get a reservation at that time, would you like to try for another time slot?	
USER	Yes, let's try a little earlier at 13:45, and I will need a reference number please.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Y0GBAGST .	
USER	Great, I also need a taxi to commute between two places.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can help you book a taxi, can you tell me a little more detail about your taxi request?	
USER	Sure, I'll be going from the hotel to the restaurant, and of course I want to get there for that 13:45 reservation.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked a red Volkswagen for you. The contact number is 07121756826.	
USER	Thank you for all of the helpful information!	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you like anything else?	
USER	Can you get me the contact number for the car?	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes. The contact number is 07121756826. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	No, thank you, you've been very helpful.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre and you have a nice day.	
USER	I'm looking for a hotel in Cambridge in the higher prices ranges and would like for it to include free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can offer you 5 options, ranging from 2-4 stars, all with free internet and free parking. Where in the city would you like to be?	
USER	I would like to be in the north part of the city please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, I have no expensive accommodations with your requirements in the northern part of the city. Will any other area do?	
USER	Do you have anything in the south?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, The Lensfield Hotel is in the south at 53-57 Lensfield Road cb21en, phone 01223355017. If you'd like to book there, let me know what day, and I'll set it up.	hotel
USER	Is this a hotel or a guesthouse?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Lensfield is a hotel, not a guesthouse.	
USER	Sounds great. Could I have the address?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It is located at 53-57 lensfield road	
USER	Thank you. I am also looking for a train departing on Saturday from Bishops Stortford going to Cambridge.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, there are several trains to choose from. What time would you like to depart?	
USER	I would like to arrive by 10:30.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have one that gets there at 10:07. Will this work for you?	
USER	That would be perfect. Please reserve 8 seats for me.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The booking for 8 tickets was successful. Your reference number is 4MKJKVTR . Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	No, that'll do it. Thanks!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Glad I could help. Goodbye!	
USER	I'd like to find a restaurant that offers Asian Oriental cuisine, in the centre, if possible.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Definitely! I have places from cheap to expensive, though my favorite is Yippee Noodle Bar, which is moderately-priced.	
USER	I would like Yippee.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd be happy to make a reservation for you. What day/time will you be dining, and how many are in your party?	
USER	Monday, 19:00, for 6 people.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have successfully reserved a table for your party of 6 at the Yippee Noodle Bar for Monday at 19:00. Your reference number is XSQHK9YG	
USER	Great, I also need a hotel room if you can help me find something.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. We have several places ready to book. Which part of town would you like?	
USER	The west please.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 4 in that area do you have a price range or type of hotel you prefer?	
USER	The hotel doesn't need to include internet. It should be in the same area as the restaurant.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 5 different options for you. They vary in price range. Did you have a certain price range in mind?	
USER	The price does not matter. Please make a recommendation and book it for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from the same day.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	OK, you are booked in Cityroomz as requested, the reference number is A1ZBLCZ3, any further questions?	hotel
USER	no and thank you for your help	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, have a great day!	
USER	I am looking for a Thursday departure for a train going to Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	To help you better with your travel plans, where are you planning on departing from?	
USER	I am looking to depart from Birmingham new street after 12:45	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is a train leaving Birmingham New Street heading to Cambridge at 13.40.	
USER	Great can I get the train ID, price, and arrival time for that one?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure! The Train ID is TR7509. The price is 75.10 poinds. It arrives by 16.23. Would you like for me to book it for you?	
USER	I don't need train booking. I do need to find a cheap Spanish restaurant, though.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	La Raza is a cheap Spanish restaurant in the center of town. Do you need their address or perhaps I could make a reservation for you?	restaurant
USER	That's all I needed, thank you!	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day and time would like for me to book?	
USER	I'd like to book a table for 3 at 18:15 on Thursday. And if possible, I'd like a reference number.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked that for you with the reference number D3QVNLWT . Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	That is all, thank you very much.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your welcome. Please let us know if we can assist you in the future.	
USER	Is there a cheap restaurant serving belgian food?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What area are you interested in?	
USER	I do not care what area it is in.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no cheap Belgian restaurants. Would you like to change your query?	
USER	How about a cheap restaurant serving Italian food?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	da vinci pizzeria serves italian food in the cheap price range and in the centre of town, is there anything else i can help you with?	
USER	i am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital with neurology department	hospital, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction
SYSTEM	The number for the neurology department is 01223274680. Do you need the address?	
USER	Yes and the postcode	hospital, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction
SYSTEM	The postcode is CB20QQ.	
USER	I need the address also please.	hospital, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction
SYSTEM	It is Hills Rd, Cambridge.	
USER	All right. Thanks.	hospital, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction
SYSTEM	You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	No that is all. Thank You	hospital, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our service, have a great day.	
USER	Can you find me a moderately priced chinese restaurant please	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly! There are 4; 3 in city centre, and 1 in the north. Do either of these areas look good?	
USER	Yes, the one in the north does.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have the golden wok phone 01223350688 postcode cb43hl. It is located in the north and a moderate price. Should I book this for you?	restaurant
USER	Yes please - could you make a reservation for 4 people at 12:15 on Saturday?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YI8BKDR2 . Is there anything else I can do for you?	
USER	Yes are there any parks in the same area as the restaurant?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes there is 1 park in the same area. It is Milton County Park. WOuld you like more information?	attraction
USER	Yes could I please get the phone number.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Phone is 01223420060. Do you need anything else?	
USER	Yes, I would like a taxi to go from the two places and make sure it arrives to the restaurant by the booked time.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, I've got you booked with a grey Lexus.	
USER	Can I please get the taxi company's contact phone number?	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Their number is 07607417770, is there anything else I can do?	
USER	That is everything, thank you.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!	
USER	I would like a restaurant in any area that serves scandinavian food	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no restaurants available that serve scandinavian food. Are there any other restaurants you would like to try?	
USER	How about french?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Restaurant Two Two serves French food. Would you like the location information?	restaurant
USER	If you could give me the phone number, that would be great.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number for restaurant two two is 01223 351880. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	No, thank you, that does it. Thank you and goodbye!	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Goodbye.	
USER	Hello, I am looking for a place to dine. I'd prefer it to be moderately priced and serve Indian food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have 4 moderately priced Indian restaurants - 2 in the east, 1 in the north, and one in the west. Which area are you interested in?	
USER	I'd like to look at the one in the west, please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That place goes by the name of meghna, the address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton, they can be reached at 01223727410, would you like me too book you?	restaurant
USER	Can I please have their postcode?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Their postcode is cb43lf. Would you like a reservation?	
USER	No thanks. I don't need a reservation yet. I am also looking to find a great place to do some boating.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have several options to choose from. Is there a particular area you want to go boating?	
USER	No, where would you suggest?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	How about Camboats in the East? Their address is the plough, green end, fen ditton.	attraction
USER	That sounds good. Can I get the postcode please?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The postcode is cb43lf, anything else?	
USER	No, that's it for now.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	It was a pleasure serving you today. Have a wonderful stay!	
USER	Hello, I'm looking for a place to go in the north. Could you suggest some places?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Milton Country Park is in the north and has free admission.	attraction
USER	Can I get the phone number please?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223420060. Is there anything else I can assist you with?	
USER	Yea I also need a train that goes to cambridge and should leave after 17:30.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	What day will you be traveling, and where would you like to depart from?	
USER	I'm leaving Kings Lynn on Wednesday.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there a time you would liek to arrive by?	
USER	Arrival time does not matter, just leave after 17:30	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	How many people would you like to book?	
USER	I need to book for two people and I need the reference number.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have a train leaving at 18:11. Will that do?	
USER	That would work. Can you book that please?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You train has been booked. Total fee is 19.6 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is 5PVB9XYJ .	
USER	Perfect! That is all I needed. Thank you for the help. Goodbye!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Have a nice day.	
USER	I'd like a train leaving from London Liverpool Street on Wednesday, please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course. What's your destination? Also when do you wish to leave and arrive by?	
USER	I am going to cambridge & leaving after 11:15.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have an 11:39. Would you like me to book that for you?	
USER	I'd like the train ID, price, and arrival time please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Train ID is TR4161, price is 16.60 and arrival time is 13:07. Would you like me to book that for you?	
USER	Yes, when is the arrival time on that? And how much for 1 ticket?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked you a seat on the train leaving at 11:39 and arriving in Cambridge by 13:07. Total cost is 16.6 GBP. The reference # is Q0IMH7R0 .	
USER	Thanks. Could you also look up information for Jesus College?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	They are a college located in the centre area, at jesus lane. Their entrance fee is free.	
USER	That's all I needed.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Great, glad I could help!	
USER	What train should I take to get to Cambridge by 14:45?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Could you be more specific on where you are departing from and what day you want to travel?	
USER	Depart from london liverpool street and should leave on monday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Any arrival time in mind?	
USER	Yes, 14:45. Could you give me a departure time that meets my criteria?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, TR7040 leaves at 11:39 and arrives by 13:07. Would that work for you?	
USER	I don't know yet. Do you know how much it will cost?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Tickets are 16.60 pounds	
USER	Okay. I am also looking for a restaurant. Are there any restaurants in the centre that serve asian oriental food?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several choices. Do you have a specific price range?	
USER	Nah. Can you just book me a table at your favorite one? 2 people at 20:45 on Monday, please.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was not able to book a table at 20:45. Would you like to try another time?	
USER	How about 19:45 and give me a reference number	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	One moment while I try to make the reservation for 19:45.	
USER	I would like the reference number if it s successful please.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The reference number is 2DNK6C4B .	
USER	Thank you very much for the help. Good bye!	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you. Goodbye.	
USER	Good morning, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants when I arrive in Cambridge next week.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Wonderful. Is there a type of cuisine that interests you?	
USER	I would like to try some modern American food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry there appear to be no modern American restaurants in the area. Would you like to try something else?	
USER	Yes, can you check Chinese for me please?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 17 Chinese places that you may like, do you have further criteria to narrow it down?	
USER	what's the most expensive one?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have nine in the expensive range. Is there an area you prefer?	
USER	No. I would like you to pick the best one you know of.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	In that case, I would recommend the Sesame Restaurant and Bar. Would you like to know more about it?	restaurant
USER	No, that's okay. Can I book a table for 2 on friday at 15:15?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : LZ2KI6G5 .	
USER	Thank you. I also need train information. We are planning to leave on Saturday at some time after 11:45.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would the TR4003 train departing at 13:00 and arriving in london by 13:51 work for you?	
USER	Yes. That works.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How many tickets do you need?	
USER	I need 2 tickets please.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	the total fee is 37.76 GBP payable at the station, reference number TKP9K1U4 .	
USER	Thank you for your help.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you need anything else?	
USER	that is it for today thank you for asking	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Have a great day.	
USER	Can you help me find somewhere to stay with free wifi?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, most places offer that these days. Do you have an area of town you would like to stay in?	
USER	We need the hotel to be in the north.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay and what is your price range?	
USER	Price range doesn't matter to me. I'd like it to have a one star.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm so sorry, but we don't have a one star in that area. Would you like for me to check a different area?	
USER	How about a 4 star rating?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The acorn guest house is a 4 star guesthouse with wifi. Would you like to make a reservation?	hotel
USER	sure, i need it for 3 nights starting wednesday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Before I book how many people will be staying with you?	
USER	Please book the hotel for 5 people.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Reference number is : YYXR9VMX	
USER	Thanks. I also need a restaurant in the same area.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several restaurants, what type of food and price range?	
USER	Indian food would be great.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, what is your price range? We have one in the moderate and one in the cheap range.	
USER	Can you please make a reservation at the moderately priced one?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Nirala serves Indian cuisine at a moderate price, and is located in the north. How many in your party? What time would you like the table reserved?	restaurant
USER	Ok great, can you book a table for 5 at 14:00 on Wednesday.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I will book that for you now.	
USER	Thanks, I will need the reference number.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your reference number is QV1Z4XH7 . Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	No, thank you for helping me with both bookings so quickly. Have a great day. Goodbye.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for allowing me to assist you with your travel.	
USER	Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant in the centre.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many options. What's your price range and what type of food do you want?	
USER	I would like somewhere expensive that serves chinese food	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How about HK Fusion, located at 21 Burleigh street?	restaurant
USER	Yes book it for Friday. 5 people at 13:00.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have your reservation at HK Fusion for 5 people on Friday at 13:00, your reference number is XAMSDTRY . Can I help with anything else?	
USER	I am also looking to book a train the same day!	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd be happy to help with your request, to help narrow the results down where will you be departing/arriving and what time?	
USER	It should go to Cambridge and should arrive by 09:00	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is a train that leaves at 5:17.	
USER	Thats okay can you book that?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Could you please confirm where you are departing from first? There are many trains and i want to make sure i book you the right one.	
USER	I need to depart from London liverpool street on friday. Ineed to arrive in Cambridge by 9:00	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR8522 arrives at 07:07.	
USER	Okay, let's book it for five people.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The booking was successful. The total fee of 83 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is L4G0ZWC2 .	
USER	Ok, Thankk you. Bye now.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	welcome and thanks for using our services	
USER	I'd like a train from Leicester to Cambridge, please!	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	On what day will you be travelling?	
USER	I will be traveling on monday and need to arrive by 14:15	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train TR5054 leaves Leicester and arrives in Cambridge at 13:54. Would you like to book this train?	
USER	Sounds great. Can you please book it for 2 people?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course. Your total will be 75.59 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is PCJMQZXO . Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	No thank you. That's all.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	All right, have a great trip!	
USER	Where is the Parkside Police Station?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It's address is Parkside, Cambridge with Postcode CB11JG	
USER	Thank you, what is their phone number?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number is 01223358966.	
USER	Would you be able to suggest a steakhouse restaurant in Cambridge?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are currently zero Steakhouses listed for this area. Would you like for me to look elsewhere?	
USER	Is there any European moderate restaurants?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 5 moderately priced European restaurants. Would you like to specify a preferred area?	
USER	No preference in area. Would you be able to recommend one?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you have an area preference? If not, I could recommend Restaurant Alimentum. It is moderately priced, popular and in the south.	restaurant
USER	That's fine. Book me a table for 2 on thursday at 16:30, if that doesn't work try 15:30. I need a reference number.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book a table for two at 15:30, your reference number is 8ZM15RZ8 . Can I assist you with anything else?	restaurant
USER	Yes could you also help me find a nightclub to visit in the city center?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 5 nightclubs located in the centre. I recommend the Ballare, which has a 5 pound entrance fee.	
USER	Awesome... what is the postcode for the Ballare?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The postcode for Ballare is cb23na. How else may I assist you today?	
USER	that is all thanks	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome! If you need anything else, feel free to ask.	
USER	Hello, I am looking to find a restaurant that is in the centre. I would prefer something in the expensive price range.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can help you with that. Do you have any cuisine preferences?	
USER	Yes, I would like to eat Chinese food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Oh I have some great options for you. I have a total of 4 restaurants, how about trying th Ugly Duckling?	restaurant
USER	Yes that is good please make a booking for 8 people at 14:15 on sunday.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 076ZN8YF	
USER	I need a place to stay that has free parking and is in the expensive price range.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I found 33 hotels that match that criteria. Is there a particular side of town you prefer so I can make a recommendation?	
USER	It doesn't matter. I would like 4 stars and fee wifi though.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The huntingdon marriott hotel is a 4 star hotel	hotel
USER	That sounds great! Does it have free parking and free wifi?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes it has both, would you like me to book you?	
USER	Yes please, I need rooms for 8 people starting Sunday for 3 nights.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Reference number is : TBICSA49 . Is there anything else I can assist you with?	
USER	I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant by 14:15. Please provide the car type and contact number	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I will be happy to book that for you. Where is your destination?	
USER	I need it to go between the hotel and restaurant, please.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I need to know where you are going?	
USER	TO THE RESTAURANT! JUST BOOK IT< YOU HAVE ALL OF MY INFO! thank you	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your taxi booking has been completed! The car type is a red Audi, Contact number 07964587638. Can I assist with anything else?	
USER	No, that is it for now. Thank you so much.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you and enjoy your stay!	
USER	I need a hotel in the west part of cambridge. I don't care if it has internet.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have 4 matches, do you have a price range in mind?	
USER	Yes expensive please. Just book me a room and send me the reference number.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is the Huntingdon Marriott hotel would you like me to book it for you?	
USER	No. Actually sorry. It should be a cheap hotel in the west.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That is no problem, the cambridge belfry is a better price and should meet your needs, would you like more information?	hotel
USER	Do they have free parking?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, the bell fry has free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?	
USER	No, just the phone number and address. I am also looking for places to go in the same area as the hotel.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number is 01954714600, address 01954714600. What type of attraction would you like to go to?	
USER	I have no preference, just something in the same area as the hotel.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	i suggest the queens' college. can i give you the address?	attraction
USER	Yes please thank you	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The address for Queens' College is Silver Street. Can I help you with anything else today?	
USER	I need the postcode as well.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Their postcode is cb39et. Is there anything else I can assist you with?	
USER	Nope. That was all I needed. Thank you.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre to assist you. Have a good day!	
USER	Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse. Do you know of any 4-star properties?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many options that are 4 star. Is there a particular area or price point you would like to stay in?	
USER	No particular area but free parking would be nice	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Acorn Guest House located in the North is a 4 star location with free parking and wifi, would that suit your needs?	hotel
USER	Yes please book that for 5 people for 3 nights starting on Saturday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The booking was successful. Your reference number is: DKI36RGY . Is there anything else I can do to help you today?	
USER	Actually, yes. I wanted to visit a college whilst I'm in town. Could you recommend one for me?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	We have a large number of colleges, could you tell me the area you would like to visit one in?	
USER	I really do not have a preference on the area. Which one would you recommend?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	christ's college is free and located in the centre. Would you like anything else today?	taxi
USER	Can you give me the phone number for it?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number is 01223334900	
USER	I will also need a taxi between them. I need to leave the hotel by 24:45.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	A red volkswagen is booked. 07772378395 is the number. Do you need more help?	
USER	That is all I need, thanks.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, I'm glad to have assisted you today!	
USER	I need a place to stay in the north that includes free parking. What options are available?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can help you with that. Acorn Guesthouse is a moderately priced offering with 4-stars. Is this something you would be interested in?	hotel
USER	Yes, that is perfect thank you.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you like me to book a room for you?	
USER	No thanks, just gathering information for now.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Here is the acorn guest house phone number in case you would like to contact them. Their number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I may assist you with?	
USER	No. That is all for now.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, have a great day!	
USER	Thank you, have a great day, as well.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay great, farewell!	
USER	I need a train that leaves after 11:00 and goes to Cambridge	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day would you be traveling?	
USER	I will be traveling on Saturday from Norwich.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The earliest train leaves at 11:16 and every hour thereafter. A ticket costs 14.08 pounds. Can I help you book?	
USER	Please book the 11:16 train for 5 people and can I please have the reference number?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright, I have 5 tickets booked. your reference number is UDGBVRLM .	
USER	I also need to book accommodations. Something in the expensive range with a 3-star rating will do nicely.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are two hotels that meet your criteria; the Gonville Hotel and The Lensfield Hotel. Would you like to book a room with one of these?	
USER	I need one that includes free parking, but it does not need to have internet.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Both the Gonville and the Lensfield have free parking and internet. The Gonville is central, whereas the Lensfield is in the south.	
USER	I think I would like the Gonville in the central area.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, I will book for you then. How many days and people, and would you like it to start the same day?	
USER	Yes, I'd like to book for 3 nights starting the same day. There will be 5 people.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I am afraid they have no bookings available. Would you like a shorter stay or different day.	
USER	Yes, let's try 2 nights and see if that works.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The booking was successful. The reference number is FWFEVQI8 .	
USER	Thank you - that's all I need today. Have a great day!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	My pleasure. Have a great day!	
USER	I need a cheap, 2 star hotel to stay at here in Cambridge	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have no hotels matching your request. Would you like to change your price range or star rating and try again?	
USER	Ok, find me a hotel that has free parking included then.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Cambridge Belfry has free parking and is in the cheap price range, would you like to book this hotel?	
USER	Is it in the moderate price range?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	No, the hotel is within the cheap price range. Would you like me to alter the search?	
USER	I would like one in the moderate price range. I need to book one for 4 nights for 4 people.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have found two hotels meeting your specifications in the moderate price range. Do you have any additional preferences?	
USER	No, I just need a room for 4 people. We'll arrive on monday and stay 4 nights.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel on Monday for 4 nights/4 guests. Your reference number is KFHQFY56 . Is there anything else I can assist you with?	hotel
USER	Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant serving British food that is moderately priced.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have five moderately priced restaurants serving British food. Do you have a preference for location? Four are in city center and one is west.	
USER	No preference. What would you recommend? And I'll need the address.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I like the copper kettle, it is located at 4 Kings Parade City Centre postcode cb21sj. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?	taxi
USER	That's OK, I'll handle that, but I'll need a taxi between the Ashley Hotel and the restaurant leaving by 17:30.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to schedule taxi service for you at the time specified. You will be looking for a Blue Lexus. If you need to contact them, please call 07580951630.	
USER	Thank you. That's all I need today.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're very welcome, enjoy your visit!	
USER	I'm looking for a moderate priced place to dine serving modern european food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Which specific area are you interested in?	
USER	I'm looking for someplace in the center of town.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are two restaurants fitting your needs, de luca cucina and bar and riverside brasserie. Do either of these sound good to you?	
USER	Well I would like modern European food and the prices to be moderate. Do either of these restaurants match those criteria?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	De Luca Cucina and Bar and Riverside Brasserie both serve Modern European both are moderate price range. Which would you like?	
USER	I would like the address and phone number to De Luca Cucina and Bar. Also looking for places to visit in the same area.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok De Luca Cucina and Bar's address is 83 Regent Street and their phone number is 01223356666. For places to visit, did you want it to be in the same area as the restaurant?	
USER	I would like it to be in the same area yes.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	We have 44 different attractions in the Centre of Cambridge. Can we narrow it down by type, such as nightclub, college, or architecture?	
USER	You can recommend anything as long as it is in the same area as the restaurant.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	i will recommend old schools. can i give you the contact?	
USER	Please, and the entrance fee as well.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Old Schools is an architectural attraction in the centre and they're located at Trinity Lane, post code cb21tt. Their phone number is 01223332320 and their entrance fee is free.	taxi, attraction
USER	Thanks! I will need a taxi to commute as well.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay! From where to where?	
USER	leave the attraction by 19:15	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	I will need your destination in order to book your taxi. Where will you be going to?	
USER	I'm going to De Luca Cucina and Bar	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Your taxi has been booked. It will be a yellow Skoda and their number is 07417597473.	
USER	Have a nice day.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you, let me know if I can assist with anything else.	
USER	I need to find a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Curry Prince is in the moderate price range, and it is on the east part of town.	restaurant
USER	Can you send me the address and the phone number of this restaurant?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, the Curry Prince is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	No, that will do it, thank you very much.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you. Good bye	
USER	Hello, I'm looking for an architecture place to go in the centre of town.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	there are several architecture places you could go, all saints church,great saint mary's church,holy trinity church, and old schools, which one could you prefer?	
USER	Old Schools sounds cool - can I have their phone number?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	You can contact Old Schools at 01223332320. Is there anything else I can assist you with?	
USER	I'm looking for the gonville hotel.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Gonville hotel is in the expensive price range in the centre would you like me to book it	
USER	No can I just get the hotel type and phone number please?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	It is a normal hotel and the phone number is 01223366611.	
USER	Thanks. Can I also book a taxi to take me from the hotel to the old school. I want to leave the hotel by 21:00.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	The taxi has been reserved. Your taxi would be a black honda and you can contact it at 07973129543.	
USER	Thank you so much that's all i need.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a good trip at Cambridge. Goodbye!	
USER	I'm looking for a place to stay. I'd like a hotel, not a guesthouse, and I don't care about internet.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you have a specific area you would like to stay in?	
USER	The west, please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can offer you the Huntingdon Marriott, which is expensive, or the Cambridge Belfry, which is cheap.	
USER	I'd like the Cambridge Belfry please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great! Do you need information on the Cambridge Belfry, or would you like to book a room?	
USER	I would like a room starting on Sunday for 4 nights. There will be 6 of staying.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are all set. The reference number is 12OOOWTR . Can I help you with anything else today?	
USER	No, you've been great. Thank you. Goodbye.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your are welcome. I trust you will enjoy your visit.	
USER	Thank you. Goodbye.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Bye, have a good day	
USER	Hello, can you recommend attractions in the Centre of town, please?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely! My favorite place in the center of town is Cambridge University Botanic Gardens. It's beautiful there!	attraction
USER	That sounds great, thank you very much! What type of attraction is that?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	it is a park. can i give you their phone numbers?	
USER	No thanks. Can you find a guesthouse with free parking for me?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 21 guesthouses. Do you have a preference in price range or area of town?	
USER	No, but I definitely need free wifi.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	That narrows it down to 21 options. Would you like a particular star rating?	
USER	Not really. It's fine.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Well, if you'll be visiting the centre, I recommend the El Shaddai. It's moderately priced with wi-fi and parking. Would you like me to make a booking for you?	hotel
USER	Yes, I will need it for 5 nights. 2 people and starting Monday.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The booking was successful. 8QCQDYFQ is your reference number for that booking. Is there anything else that I can do for you?	
USER	I will need a taxi as well	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly, I can help you with that. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?	
USER	I would like to leave the park by 11:00.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Your taxi will be a yellow Volvo waiting at 11:00. The contact number for the taxi is 07072119452. May I help you with something else?	
USER	Great that's all the info I needed today, thanks!	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm glad I could help you.	
USER	Me too. Have a nice day.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Enjoy your day, goodbye.	
USER	I am looking for a place to stay with free parking and need to be in the north	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several that offer free parking in the north, do you have a price range?	
USER	Yes, I'd like a moderately priced one, and I also need free wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 9 different places for you. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?	
USER	I would like a hotel please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ashley hotel looks like a good choice.	hotel
USER	ok i would like to book it for thursday for 2 people for 3 night im also looking for a restaurant in the same price range as the hotel	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful reference number is I53II5MX . There are several restaurants is there any food preference?	
USER	Great. I also need to find a restaurant for the same number of people on the same day for 19:00.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd love to help you find a place to eat. What kind of food do you like, and is there any part of town you prefer to dine in?	
USER	I don't care about the type of cusine, I'd like it to be in the moderate range in the north.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is a Chinese restaurant and an Indian restaurant in the North. Where would you like to go?	
USER	Let's go with the chinese place. Can you book me a table for 2 on Thursday at 19:00?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have your table reserved at the Golden Wok for Thursday at 19:00. The reference number is 5ZZI5FKL . Is there anything else I can help with?	restaurant
USER	No, thank you, that's all.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It was my pleasure to help. Have a great afternoon. Goodbye.	
USER	I am looking for information on The Varsity restaurant.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Varsity is a moderately priced restaurant offering international cuisine. Would you like any other information?	
USER	Could you book me a table for 2 at 20:00 on Tuesday evening?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok! Your table for 2 at the Varsity Restaurant has been booked for Tuesday at 20:00. You reference number is: 1EB89A0F	
USER	Thank you so much, that is all.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Goodbye!	
USER	I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are a lot of attractions in the centre. Anything in particular?	
USER	I'd like a nightclub please.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I recommend the club salsa? Here is their phone number, 07782218745	
USER	What is their address and the entrance fee?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The address is 1 Station road and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is there anything else I can do for you?	
USER	That's all for now. Thank you for the information.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.	
USER	I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 08:45.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I found 231 trains that fit your request. Where will you be departing from?	
USER	I will be departing from Birmingham New Street on Tuesday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR0254 Leaves at 05:40, would you like me to book that for you?	
USER	No thank you. Please tell me about the ticket pricing and time of travel	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The price is 75.10 pounds and it is a 163 minutes ride. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	Please book 6 tickets and send me the reference number.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : G368B2VI. Can I help with anything else today?	
USER	Yes please. I need a 3 star hotel that offers free wifi	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I found two expensive hotels, one in the centre and one in the south of town. Do you have a preference?	
USER	I would like to stay in the centre of town please.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What price range and what star rating are you looking for ?	
USER	I would prefer a 3 star rating, price range isn't important.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay there are two options, the gonville hotel and the lensfield hotel	
USER	I want the hotel located in the centre, as I stated before.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Gonville Hotel is in the centre of town. Would you like me to book a room or is there anything i can assist you with?	
USER	please just send me their postcode. thank you	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The postcode is cb11ly.	
USER	Thank you for all your help.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?	
USER	That is all that I need.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!	
USER	i want to book a taxi.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, i can help you with that. Where will you be departing from?	
USER	I want to leave from the train station.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Can you tell me what time you would like to leave?	
USER	I want to leave london kings cross train station after 02:00	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, and what is your destination?	
USER	Oh, I'm sorry I need to get to gallery at twelve a high street.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, I don't understand. What is the gallery name you want to travel too?	
USER	It's called gallery at twelve a high street.	taxi, attraction, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked you a white ford. The contact number is 07064257037	
USER	Perfect!! Thank you for all your help.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Got it, your booking has been completed! Look out for a blue tesla, contact number 07520411520. May I assist with anything else?	
USER	That will be all. Thank you.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Reservation reserved, let me know if you need any more assistance with anything else.	
USER	I am looking for the nearest police station	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That would be the Parkside Police Station. You can reach them at phone number 01223358966.	
USER	Can I get the full mailing address for that location?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The address is Parkside, Cambridge. Is there anything else I can help with?	
USER	Yes I need their postcode also.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Postcode : CB11JG is their postcode	
USER	Thank you. I will call them.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Call us again and have a wonderful afternoon.	
USER	Thank You. Goodbye	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!	
USER	Please find a place called Club Salsa.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Club Salsa Is located at 1 station road. Do you need any more information?	
USER	Wonderful. The address was exactly what I wanted. You're so efficient.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Great I am glad I could be of help.	
USER	I am also looking for a moroccan restaurant in the centre.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry there are no moroccan restaurants in the centre of town.	
USER	Boo. I guess I would be able to try a modern european food restaurant?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I recommend De Luca Cucina and Bar on 83 Regent Street. It is moderately priced and in the centre of town. Would you like me to book a reservation?	restaurant
USER	Sounds good! Please book a table for 3 on Friday at 13:00 and be sure to provide me with the reference number.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Your table has been successfully booked! Your reference number is GVN0GC4A . Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	I also need a taxi to get me between the two places	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I need some more information please. When would you like to leave and when would you like to arrive?	
USER	Can you get me from Club Salsa to De Luca Cucina by 13:00 please?	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely! Your taxi has been booked. It's a blue ford and the contact number is 07118061422. Is there anything else that I can help you with?	
USER	No not that I can think of you have done everything for me. Thank you so much for your help.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	No problem, have a wonderful day!	
USER	Yes I am looking for information on Michael House cafe.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Michael House cafe is an expensive european restaurant located in the centre. Would you like me to make you a reservation?	
USER	Yes, please. For a party of 7 on Friday, at 17:15.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ALCPCA3P . Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	That will be all. Thank you very much.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Enjoy your day.	
USER	I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves british food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several British restaurants. Do you have a price range in mind?	
USER	I have no preference. can i please have the address and phone number of one of them ?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Cotto is a british restaurant in the moderate price range and in the centre. Its address is 183 east road city centre and its phone number is 01223 302010. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	Nope, that'll do it, thank you for your help.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a nice day! thank you, goodbye.	
USER	Yes I am looking for a hotel in the centre of town.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have 3 hotels in the centre of town. Did you want a moderately priced one or an expensive hotel?	
USER	Price doesn't matter and I don't need internet. I do however need free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	In that case, I recommend the University Arms Hotel, a 4-star place on regent street.	hotel
USER	That sounds good, let's go with that one.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can book that for you. How many people will be staying? How many nights do you want to stay?	
USER	I would like it to be for 6 people and 2 nights starting from Wednesday, please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your room is booked, ref# KHHJBQSZ . Can I help you with anything else today?	
USER	Thank you. I also would like to find some places to go in the area of the hotel.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	We're fortunate to have a wide variety of attractions in the centre of town. Do you have any specific interests today?	
USER	I think I would like it to be of the multiple sports type.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately there are no multiple sports attractions in the center. Please consider changing the attraction type or area.	
USER	Are there any theatres near the University Arms Hotel?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are four theatres in tat area, I recommend the mumford theatre.	attraction
USER	Okay, can I please have the postcode?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course, it's cb11pt.	
USER	Thanks! I'll also need a taxi from the theatre to the hotel, and I'll need to leave the theatre by 07:30, please.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	I've booked it and the car you're looking for is a yellow ford and the contact number is 07609359169. Is there anything else?	
USER	That's all I need. Thank you and goodbye!	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!	
USER	Hi there, I'm hoping you can help me find a hotel in the south of Cambridge.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Lensfield hotel, which is expensive is the only hotel in South Cambridge. Will this work for you?	
USER	no, I need a moderately priced place that doesn't need have free wifi or parking in the area of south, thank you	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are guesthouses available in the South Cambridge area moderately priced that have free wi-fi and parking. Would you like to hear more about them?	
USER	Yes i would love to hear more information about them. Thank you.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright the aylesbray lodge guest house is a 4 star guest house. Does that interest you?	
USER	Sure. May I have the address?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, the aylesbray lodge guest house is located at 5 mowbray road. Can I be of any further assistance today?	
USER	I also need a place to dine that is in the same area and price range as the hotel.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have the Pizza Hut that is moderately priced in the South and also Restaurant Alimentum that serves modern European food. Any interest you?	
USER	Hmm, I was looking for Fusion type food, are there any that have that?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, there isn't. Can I provide you information on a different type of cuisine?	
USER	Yes, are there any good Indian restaurants?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is one expensive Indian restaurant in the South: Taj Tandoori. Would you like to make a reservation?	
USER	Great can I get their phone number, address, and postcode	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely! The Taj Tandoori is located at 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Their postcode is cb17aa. The phone number to reach them is 01223412299. Would you like a reservation?	
USER	Not at this time. Thank you for the information! Good-bye	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Please let us know if you need assistance with anything else. Thanks!	
USER	I am looking for a cheap hotel that includes free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok. There are 10 hotels that meet those criteria. What part of town would you prefer?	
USER	I WOULD PREFER A NICE PART OF TOWN.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The city centre is nice. There's alexander bed and breakfast, a 4 star guesthouse that meets your criteria. Woiuld you like me to book a reservation.	hotel
USER	Yes, can you book me for 4 people and 3 nights starting on thursday?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay I will make the reservation.	
USER	I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course. May I suggest Meghna, an Indian restaurant?	
USER	Not really wanting Indian today. Anything else?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is also an Italian and British restaurant. Would you prefer one of these?	
USER	Could I have the address and phone number for the British restaurant?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Saint johns chop house serves british food, is located in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range. their phone number is 01223 353110 and they are located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street	restaurant
USER	and also postcode please	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Their postcode is C.B. 1 7 D.Y	
USER	Thank you. Goodbye!	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you, goodbye!	
USER	I'm looking for a hotel in the north.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have two options in North available for you, do you have any additional criteria to choose between those or would you like a reccomendation?	
USER	I do want it to be a 4-star place.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It looks like there aren't any 4 star hotels in the north. Would you like me to check another area?	
USER	No, I like the North. Perhaps there is a guesthouse that is 4 stars?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several options for guesthouses in the north with 4 stars, would you prefer moderate or cheap price range?	
USER	I would prefer the cheap price range.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you like to book worth house?	
USER	What is the price of the Worth House?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sorry, I don't have that information. There phone number is 01223316074.	
USER	can you book a room for tuesday, 5 nights, 5 people.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, your booking for the Worth House for a 5 night stay has been confirmed. Your reference number is GWIK59YW . May I help with anything else?	
USER	Can you help me find a restaurant as well?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I search for restaurants in the north, there are 9 options, any preferences?	
USER	The restaurant should be in the same area as the hotel and should be in the expensive price	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have many in those categories. How about trying Saigon City?	restaurant
USER	Thank you. I just need their phone number and postcode.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number for Saigon City is 01223356555. The post code is cb41nl. Can I help you with anyone else?	taxi
USER	I also need a taxi to commute between the hotel and restaurant.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	When would you like to leave?	
USER	I would like to leave the hotel by 8:30.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I booked you a yellow lexus and you can reach the driver at 07465015812. Would that be all today?	
USER	Thank you for the booking of the taxi. That will be all foe now.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.	
USER	I'm looking for information about a particular attraction. It's called the Man on the Moon.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The man on the moon is on 2 norfolk street in the centre area. Would you like to order tickets?	
USER	Not right now. Can you tell me it's postcode and entrance fee?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, we don't have any information in our database regarding their entrance fee, but their postcode is cb12lf. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	No, that's all. Thanks.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you, goodbye.	
USER	Can you help me find a hotel in the north?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes do you have a price range preference?	
USER	Yes I have a moderate price range.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ashley Hotel is moderately priced and located in the north. Would you like to book a room?	hotel
USER	Does it offer free parking? If so, I would like to book it for four nights starting Thursday for 3 people please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes it offers free parking.	
USER	Can I have a reference number for the booking?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ashley Hotel will be expecting your party of 3 for 4 nights starting Thursday. Your reference number is K5JO25UL . Is there anything else I can do for you?	
USER	Yes. I would like to find a restaurant in the same area and price range of the hotel that serves Cuban food.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, there are no Cuban restaurants in the city - is there another type of cuisine that you'd like to try?	
USER	What about one that has Chinese food?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I've found one result. It is golden wok. Do you want a reservation?	restaurant
USER	Yes, I'd like to book for Thursday at 17:15 with 3 people. Send me the reference number too.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The booking was successful, here is your reference number 0Q4KUTUA . Is there anything else I can do for you?	
USER	I will also need a taxi.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where will you be leaving from?	
USER	I need picked up at the hotel.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time would you like to be picked up?	
USER	I need to get to the restaurant by the reservation time, isn't it obvious?	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I did not want to make assumptions for you, but now you are booked. A black bmw will take you. The contact number is 07551001124	
USER	Thank you, and I apologize for getting snappy with you. That is all I need for today.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are very welcome! It was a pleasure assisting you, and I hope you have a wonderful time in Cambridge!	
USER	Can you assist me with finding a moderately priced restaurant?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly. We have 31 moderately priced restaurants. Is there any particular cuisine you would prefer?	
USER	I'm looking for a place near the center of town that serves european food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How about the Hotel Du Vin and Bistro? Would you like to book a table for this restaurant?	restaurant
USER	Yes, that would work. Could you make it for Sunday at 16:30 for 1.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That booking was unsuccessful, I'm sorry. Is there another day or time that would work?	
USER	How about 15:30?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	They do indeed have a table at that time. Your reference number is 0WBNIZLJ .	
USER	Thank you. Is there a museum in the same area as the restaurant that I could go to?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 11, I would recommend broughton house gallery because it has free admission.	attraction
USER	Alright, that sounds good to me. Could you give me their address and phone number please?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, their address is 98 King Street, and the phone number is 01223314960.	
USER	Thank you. that is all the information I'l be needing today!	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a wonderful time!	
USER	I'm looking for information on the People's Portrait Exhibition at Girton College.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The people's portraits exhibition at girton college is a museum in the west area of town and is free to enter. Would you like more information about it?	
USER	Yes please. You said it was free, correct?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes that is correct it is FREE to enter the People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College.	
USER	Ok thanks I also need a place to stay located in the east and must be a guesthouse, can you help me?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 6 different options. Do you have a preference for the price range?	
USER	I prefer to stay somewhere in the cheap price range, and it should include free parking.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 3 options left. I have the Allenbell, the Autumn House and the Leverton House. All offer free parking and free internet. Which would you prefer?	hotel
USER	Pick one for me. I need a hotel for 2 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, I booked you at the allenbell. The reference number is KLNF2GX0.	taxi
USER	Thank you. I also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the attraction by 22:30.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked you a taxi leaving the attraction at 22:30 for the allenbell. It's a red ford, and your contact number is 07249911118. Can I help with anything else?	
USER	No thank you. You've been great!	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Have a nice day. Good bye.	
USER	I need the address of a restaurant that serves gastropub food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The cow pizza kitchen and bar serves Gastropub food. Their address is Corn Exchange Street in the centre area.	
USER	Thank you.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Bye	
USER	I'm looking for a cheap hotel in the north.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would recommend the Worth house on Chesterton Road. Would you like the number?	
USER	Does it have free wifi and a 4 star rating. I need wifi, and I'd like a nice rating.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have a listing for worth house that fits what you are looking for,can I make a booking for you?	hotel
USER	Is there availability for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have you booked for Thursday at the Worth House for 5 nights with 5 people!	
USER	Great. What is the reference number?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	My mistake, booking was actually unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel?	
USER	Is there another hotel in the same general price range?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	With all other parameters the same, unfortunately not. Want to try different parameters?	
USER	Any hotel, in the north, cheap. Nothing else matters.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	City centre north b and b.Reference number is : B2H3YYF4 . Will you need anything else?	hotel
USER	That is all. Thank You.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great. Glad I could be of help. Enjoy your stay.	
USER	I need a train going into Cambridge, arriving by 17:45.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where are you departing from and what day are you travelling on?	
USER	I am leaving from Bishops Stortford on Sunday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	And what time would you like to leave?	
USER	I would prefer to leave at 15:00.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR4651 train leaves Bishops Stortford at 15:29. Would you like me to book you a seat on it?	
USER	Does it arrive in Cambridge by 17:45. That is the most important thing.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, it does.	
USER	What is the price for the train ticket?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The price is 8.08 pounds.	
USER	Thank you. I also need to find a place to go in the centre of town. The type of attraction should be entertainment.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no entertainment areas in the centre, any other preferences?	
USER	Can you make a suggestion?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	How about the Funky Fun House or Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds in the east?	
USER	Are there any boat attractions?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have the cmbridge punter boat located in the centre.	attraction
USER	That sounds great. Can I get the phone number, address, and entrance fee?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately, I don't have information on the entrance fee, but you can call them at 07807718591 to find out. The post code is cb41as	
USER	Okay thank you for your help.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I can assist you with today?	
USER	Have a nice day.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Cheers!	
USER	I am looking for places to go in town in the north.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 4 attractions in the north. Do you want to specify an attraction type?	
USER	No I don't care.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you prefer to go boating, swimming, or to visit a park?	
USER	Uh, let's set it up for a park visit. I'll need the address and is there an entrance fee?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The address is milton country park, milton. Entrance is free!	
USER	Thanks, that's great! I'm also looking for a train on Thursday from Kings Lynn.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	That would be to cambridge correct? I have 19 for that day. Did you have a certain time you wished to leave or arrive?	
USER	Yes correct to cambridge, and I would like to arrive by 20:45.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The latest train that leaves at 19:11 and arrives at 19:58 for 9.80 pounds. Would you like to book it?	
USER	That should work for us, I will need tickets for 7 please and the reference number.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The booking was successful. The total fee is 68.6 GBP and your reference number is 8TU1PRQV . Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	Nope, that's all, thanks. You've been most helpful today. Most helpful, indeed.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Happy to be of service. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!	
USER	I'm planning a trip and need some suggestions. I'm looking for places to go in town.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sure we can find you something you will really love. I have close to 80 attractions to choose from. Did you have a certain type of attraction in mind?	
USER	Can I get some information on nightclubs in the east area?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry I don't have any nightclubs there. Would another part of town work for you?	
USER	how about one that is in the type of museum.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	We have 4 fantastic museums in the East. My personal favorite is the Gallery at Twelve a High Street, it is free to get in!	attraction
USER	Could I have the phone number and postcode?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course! Their postcode is cb15dh and they can be reached at 01223295264. Can I help you find a restaurant in the area?	
USER	No but I need a hotel.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	anything in particular you had in mind and when is your stay?	
USER	I need to be in the same area as the attraction	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 7 results for places to stay in the east, would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?	
USER	I don't care about that. I do need a 4-star, moderately priced accommodation in the east area, but it doesn't need to have free parking.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd recommend the A and B Guest House. It meets your criteria. Would you like to book a room?	hotel
USER	Yes. 1 person, 3 nights from Monday on.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I will work on getting this booked and be back with you shortly.	
USER	I will be waiting for my reference number for 1 person for 3 nights at A and B Guest House.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Reference number is : WBJGAOT8 .	
USER	Thank you for your help planning my trip. I think that's everything I need for now. Have a great day!	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a great day too! Good bye.	
USER	I am looking for places to go in Cambridge. Are there any nightclubs?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 6 nightclubs in Cambridge. Is there a specific part of town you prefer?	
USER	I do not have a preference. Can you give me the phone number and postcode for one?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Club Salsa phone number is 07782218745 and the postcode is cb12jb, is there anything else I can assist you with?	
USER	Yes I am looking for a restaurant called the Ugly Duckling.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The ugly duckling is located in the centre of town. It serves chinese food. Would you like to book a reservation?	
USER	I would like to book a table for 5 people at 19:30 on tuesday please.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	tuesday at 19:30 is not available, would you like another time or another day?	
USER	Can you try to book the restaurant for 18:30 instead please? And can you provide a reference number as well.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked a table for you for a party of 5 at 18:30 on Tuesday at the Ugly Duckling restaurant. Is there anything else I can help with?	
USER	Can you provide me with the reference number for my reservation please? Thanks.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Oh yes. Absolutely. Your reservation reference number is 7ZPRZE74 . Can I be of help with anything else?	
USER	No, that is all. Thank you!	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Have a nice day.	
USER	I'm looking for a restaurant that's on the pricier end, I want to impress some people. Is there something you'd recommend?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Bedouin is unusual and expensive. Cote offers the more standard, but elegant French cuisine. Is location a concern?	restaurant
USER	want to book a table for 8 people at 17:00 on wednesday and I need a reference number	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: PLFTP5GS .	
USER	I'm also looking for an attraction near the restaurant. Do you recommend anything?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many attractions in that area. Do you want something that is free to the public?	
USER	That would be perfect. What do you recommend?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Williams art and antiques is free to the public. Located in the centre and it is a museum.	
USER	Great, thanks! Is there a restaurant nearby?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You have already been booked at a nearby African restaurant, Bedouin, on Wednesday at 17:00. Are you interested in an additional restaurant?	
USER	No thank you. But could you please get me the phone number and postcode for Williams art and antiques?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course! Williams Art and Antiques is located in the city centre, postcode cb12lj. You can reach them at 01223311687. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	No thank you that will be all	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	It was a pleasure serving you, goodbye!	
USER	Hello, I'm looking for a train to Cambridge on Friday please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd be happy to help. Where are you departing from?	
USER	I will be departing from stansted airport going to cambridge on friday and it needs to arrive by 16:00	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train TR2958 arrives in Cambridge at 15:52, does that work for you?	
USER	Yes, that would be fine. What's the price and departure time?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It will cost 10.10 pounds per ticket and leaves at 15:24.	
USER	Thanks! Can you also tell me about colleges in the east?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There aren't any colleges in the east. Can I give you information about colleges in another area?	
USER	how about one that is in the type of museum?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure! I recommend Cambridge Artworks. Would you like their information?	attraction
USER	postcode and entrance fee only thanks !	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, sure. Great news, the entrance fee is free and the postal code is cb13ef. Anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	I don't think so. I am off to work but thanks so much for your help. Goodbye.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thanks for stopping by!	
USER	I want a train going to cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're in luck, I have quite a few trains coming into Cambridge! Where will you be departing from?	
USER	Stansted Airport, please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	OK, and what day and time are you traveling?	
USER	I need to leave on sunday and I need to arrive by 12:15.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR9445 departs at 11:24 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like a ticket?	
USER	Yes, please. I need a booking for 7 people.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, the booking was successful and the total fee is 56.56 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is D2K69PNC .	
USER	Thanks so much for the train booking. I also need lodging with free wifi. I don't need free parking, though.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have a few places available, in which area would you like to stay?	
USER	Do have anything expensive? I don't care what area.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse?	
USER	Either one is fine. If you can recommend for me, that would be great. Oh and if there's one you like that's moderately priced, that would be fine too.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have three, is there a star range you prefer?	
USER	Oh, I don't really care about that. Which place would you recommend?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would suggest Avalon.	hotel
USER	Great! Can I get the phone number?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Their phone number is 01223353071. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?	
USER	No that won't be necessary. I'd just like the postcode and address please.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	They are at 62 gilbert road postal cb43pd, may I assist with anything else?	
USER	That's all for me. Thanks for your help. Bye!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a nice day!	
USER	I'm going south in town, anything interesting to go to there?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, we have several popular attractions in the south part of town. Are you looking for a specific type of place? Or do you want a recommendation?	
USER	I'll take a recommendation.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I think you would like the Tenpin. Would you like more information on it?	attraction
USER	Yes, could I get the address, postcode and entrance fee?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, their address is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way in postcode cb17dy. Their phone is 08715501010.	
USER	Thank you for the information.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else you need today?	
USER	Yes I need to find a train that will go from Kings Lynn to Cambridge on Wednesday and arrive by 19:00.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have train TR5831 leaving at 7:11 and arriving at 7:58; Would you like to book that?	
USER	How long will that take to arrive and how much does a ticket cost?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	the ride is 47 minutes long and tickets are 9.8 GBP	
USER	Ok that will be it for today. thanks !	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thanks for letting us assist you! Enjoy your visit!	
USER	I wanted to find out about local restaurants in Cambridge.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	kindly be more specific	
USER	it is called parkside pools. find me their post code.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I cannot locate the restaurant you are speaking of.	
USER	I am sorry, i'm looking for a attraction called parkside pools not a restaurant. Do you have their postcode?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	their post code is cb11ly	
USER	I also need an expensive place to dine in the mid of town.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 33 restaurants with your requirements. What type of food do you feel like eating?	
USER	I would like Italian food, if possible.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd recommend clowns cafe. Would you like reservations?	restaurant
USER	that will be ok once you find the restaurant book a table for 6 people	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I would be more than elated to book a table for you, but what day and time would you like it for?	
USER	I need the table for Tuesday at 14:45, but if for some reason Tuesday doesn't work Sunday is also acceptable. I will need the reference number as well.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	01223355711 is your reference number. May i help you with anything else?	
USER	No, that was everything. Thank you!	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day!	
USER	I'm seeking an attraction! A boat one will be nice.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Great! I have four for you. Two are in the centre. Any location you'd like in particular?	
USER	No, I'd like the name of one in the centre please.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, I can get tickets for the cambridge punter in the city centre. If that sounds okay, what day and time would you like?	
USER	Yes please! Thank you so much!	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I am sorry but you will have to get ticket there and here is the address 251a chesterton road.	
USER	I am also looking for the Oak Bistro, a place to eat.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you want me to make a booking?	
USER	Are there any boating activities available?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 4 boat attractions. What is your preferred area?	
USER	I don't care, what do you have?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Camboats is a great choice. It is located in the East area of town. Would you like additional information for the company?	
USER	Yeah what's the address of Camboats? I also need an expensive place to eat.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Camboats address is The Plough, Green end, Fen Ditton. Regarding restaurants I am showing an elegant Chinese restaurant, British Cuisine, and an upscale Gastropub near the Camboats location.	
USER	Do any of those serve molecular gastronomy food and in the centre of town?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, there aren't any serving that type of food. Would you like to try something different?	
USER	How about something that serves seafood?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, loch fyne is in town centre and serves seafood. It is in the expensive price range. Would you like to reserve a table?	restaurant
USER	No thank you. Can I have the phone number, postcode and address though?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure thing! The phone number is 01223362433. The address of Loch Fyne is The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street, and the postcode is cb21qy. Can I help with anything else?	taxi
USER	Yes, I am going to need to get a taxi to leave the restaurant.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	No problem. We can get that booked for you. Can you let me know where you will be going and what time you would like to leave or arrive?	
USER	Yes, I'd like to leave the restaurant by 09:30 to go to Camboats.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking is completed. Your car will be a white bmw. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	No, that's everything thank you very much.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a nice day!	
USER	You too! Bye!	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you, let us know if you need anymore help.	
USER	Hello. I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves Swiss food. Can you recommend anything to me?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately there are no restaurants that serve Swiss food in this area. Would you consider trying a different cuisine?	
USER	Oh okay. What are my choices for British food then?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several restaurants that serve British food in this area. Cotto has great food in a moderate price range. It is located at 183 East Road City Centre.	restaurant
USER	What is the phone number?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Their phone number is 01223 302010.	
USER	Thank you, goodbye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you. Good bye	
USER	Hi, I am looking for a train that leaves on Tuesday after 18:15.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly! What are your departure and destination locations?	
USER	It should leave from Cambridge and go to Leicester please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thanks for that information. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?	
USER	I do not have an arrival time.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR0776 leaves Cambridge at 18:21 and gets into Leicester at 20:06. Do you want me to book it for you?	train
USER	Yes. I would like to book it for 6 people please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking was successful, the total fee is 226.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: 17I15NSK . Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	Yes I also need a guesthouse to stay in. It should have 4 stars, free wifi, in the east location.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have 6 different guesthouses that fit your criteria. Do you have a specific price range in mind?	
USER	No it doesn't matter.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	carolina bed and breakfast has free wifi and parking if you want to book there.	
USER	I want to dine at an expensive asian oriental food restaurant.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are two restaurants that meet that criteria. May I suggest Kymmoy?	
USER	Which of the two restaurants is in the north?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Saigon City is in the North. Do you need a booking for that?	restaurant
USER	Yes, can you book a table for 5 for Monday at 16:15?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, I can book the table for you.	
USER	ok, provide reference number too please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : UM6YO5NS .	
USER	I am looking for information in Cambridge	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly! Are you looking for a place to stay, a restaurant, attraction information, or do you need transportation?	
USER	I need a train that leaves after 15:45 on Wednesday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where will you be leaving from and what is your destination?	
USER	I want to go to Stansted Airport.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Those trains leave every hour. There are trains that meet your specifications. The earliest would leave at 16:40 and arrive at the airport by 17:08.	
USER	I also need suggestions for places to go. I'm interested in seeing colleges in the north.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no colleges in the north. Would you like a different area or a different type of attraction?	
USER	Could you please try for something in the boat category?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The Riverboat Georgina in a boating place and is in the NORTH	
USER	I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. I would also like the address and phone number.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is an Indian and a Chinese restaurant that are both moderately priced in the north area. Would you like the address and phone for one of those?	
USER	Yes, I would like the address and phone number for each.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Golden Wok is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton , and there address is 01223 350688. The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton, and their phone number is 01223 360966. Is there anything else I can help you with?	restaurant
USER	Thank You	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome.	
USER	I am looking for a train to cambridge. I would like something on sunday to arrive by 18:30	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What is your departure point?	
USER	My departure will be from Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	And what is your destination city?	
USER	I need to go to Peterborough.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time do you need to leave by?	
USER	I just want to get there at or shortly before 18:30.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I found the perfect train! TR7771 will get you there at 18:24. Would you like me to book this for you?	
USER	Yes, please book me for 6 people. My birdwatching club is taking a trip together.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, your booking is complete for 6 people. The cost is 79.19 GBP, payable at the station. The reference number is 8W0OSFM6 .	
USER	i place want a place to go in the centre	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	What are you into? Do you like theatre? Museums? We have plenty of attractions in the centre and if you tell me what you enjoy I can recommend one	
USER	I would like a museum in the centre please.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd like to recommend whipple museum of the history of science, at free school lane. Admission is free.	
USER	Is that the full address for the museum? Free School Lane?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes it is their full address and the postcode is cb23rh and their telephone number is 01223330906. May I help you with anything else today?	
USER	Thank you. That is all that I need.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay. Glad I could be of help.	
USER	I need some lodging accommodations. It needs to have free parking and Internet please!	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I found 29 hotels matching your request. What price range and area of town would you prefer?	
USER	I would like someone to book me a place with free parking and internet.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	acorn guest house is located in 154 chesterton road should i book it for you?	hotel
USER	Does it have four stars?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes it does. Shall I book?	
USER	Yes. Please book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting Friday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I've booked your stay at the Acorn Guest House, and your reference number is IT07BRTC .	
USER	Thanks a lot. Can you also help me find a train going to Ely?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you know what day or time you want to leave?	
USER	I would like to leave on Tuesday after 18:00.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR5511 leaves Cambridge for Ely at 20.07. Do you need tickets?	
USER	Not yet, but can you tell me what time the train arrives in Ely please?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It arrives by 20:07! Anything else love?	
USER	What is the total travel time on that time?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The trip will last 17 minutes. Is there anything else you would like to know?	
USER	That should do it. Thanks so much for your help!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please consider us for your future travel needs.	
USER	Hi, I'm looking for information on booking a train. I would like to leave on Wednesday and arrive at the destination at 17:00.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	From where would you like to catch the train and what is your destination?	
USER	I would like to catch the train at London Liverpool Street and I'm going to Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	the TR2826 arrives at 15:07. would that be ok?	
USER	Yes can you book it for me and give me a reference number ?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes of course. Your booking number is DQRT2P5U .	
USER	Awesome. I also need a place to eat in the moderate range. I'm thinking maybe in the city centre.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 5 moderately priced restaurants in the centre, 4 serve british, and one serves asian oriental food. Which would you prefer?	
USER	I really wanted a moderately priced restaurant in the center that serves spanish food actually	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I found la tasca it meets your criteria would you like me to book that for you?	restaurant
USER	Just give me the address if you could please	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The address is 14-16 Bridge Street.	
USER	Thanks, I don't need any more help. Have a good day!	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you! And enjoy your stay in Cambridge!	
USER	Is there a train I can take to cambridge that leaves after 18:00?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely. Where are you coming from?	
USER	I'm departing from birmingham new street.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have train TR8903 that leaves at 18:40 and will arrive in Cambridge at 21:23. Would that interest you?	
USER	Yes please book me for one ticket.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : KHBLJGHN . Is there anything else I can do to assit you today?	
USER	Also looking for a guesthouse in the cheap price range.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Are you going to stay in a specific area of town?	
USER	Hello, I would like information on club Salsa	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	It is a nightclub located on the centre where the entrance fee is 5 pounds.	
USER	Can you let me have their postcode?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely... Their postcode is cb12jb. Is there any other information I can provide you with?	
USER	No, that's all. Thank you.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome. Enjoy your day.	
USER	Hello! I'm looking for some entertainment in the centre please!	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There is a movie theatre, a concert hall, nightclubs, and museums. What would you like?	
USER	Could you please provide me with some information on an attraction that is in he type of museum?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 11 museums listed in the centre area. Cambridge contemporary art and castle galleries are two that are listed. Would you like more information on one of these?	
USER	What is the entrance fee for the contemporary art museum?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The entrance fee is free.	
USER	Free is the best price! I'll probably be hungry after the museum. Are there any moderately priced Italian restaurants around?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Pizza Express is a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like more information on it or to are you interested in booking a table?	restaurant
USER	Could you book a table for me? I need a reservation for 3 people at 11:30 on Wednesday.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	It has been booked, your reference number is QFN3A3E9 .	
USER	Great! I'll need a taxi that will take me from the museum to the restaurant by 11:30. Can you book one for me?	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Its booked! Its a red Volvo	
USER	Can I please have the contact number for the taxi company?	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course. The contact number is 07172397913. Can I help with anything else?	
USER	Thank you for your assistance.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you using Cambridge TownInfo centre today! Enjoy the rest of your day.	
USER	Is there a restaurant called Cocum?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, it is an indian restaurant in the west. Would you like to book a reservation?	
USER	Yes, I would like to book a table for 7 people at 18:00 on Monday. Can you please be sure to give me the reference number?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking is successful. The reference number is TOD8XYZB . Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	I also need to find a train departing from Cambridge.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have multiple trains leaving from Cambridge. What would you like the destination to be so I can narrow it down?	
USER	We would like to go to leicester on tuesday.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course. What time would you like to travel?	
USER	We would need the train to leaver after 11:45.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have train TR7692 leaving at 12:21 and arriving at 14:06. Would that be something that would work for you?	
USER	Yes, please book for seven and I would like a reference number, please.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're all booked. The total fee is 264.59 GBP and your reference number is HC7OJ4LI	
USER	Thank you that was all	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, have a lovely trip!	
USER	I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is a guesthouse in the north of town in the moderate price range.	
USER	It should include free wifi and should be in the cheap price range.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Alexander bed and breakfast in the centre of town and the Allenbell on the east side of town. Which guesthouse would you like to book?	
USER	Alexander is fine. I need to book for 8 people. We'll arrive Wednesday and stay 5 nights. I'll also need the reference number, please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great, your reservation is booked at the Alexander, your reference number is Z8BRHTV8 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?	
USER	I also need to find a train going to cambridge.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great what is your departure city and what time would you like to leave?	
USER	I would like to leave after 19:00 the departure city is peterborough. I'm looking to leave the same day as the hotel booking.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Awesome. We have the TR9969 that leaves at 19:19. Would you like me to book that?	
USER	Yes, may I have the reference number?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course. I just want to confirm before booking. That was for all 8 people correct?	
USER	Yes it was, thank you.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your train, TR9969, traveling from peterborough to cambridge on wednesday from 19:19 through 20:09 has been booked. The total for 8 people is 132 GBP and your reference number is JHCT9HJU .	
USER	Thank you that's all that I needed today	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome. Have a wonderful day.	
USER	I need a place to stay that doesn't have to have internet and is in the expensive price range please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 5 different ones all around town. Did you prefer to stay in a certain area?	
USER	Yes, on the east side please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The express by Holiday Inn Cambridge meets your needs, would you like to book it?	hotel
USER	Does it have free parking?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, it does.	
USER	I'm not ready to book. Can you just tell me what the address is? Oh, and how many stars is it?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. It's a two star hotel and the address is 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park. Anything else?	
USER	No, that's all. Thanks.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome! Please contact us if you would like to make a reservation in the future.	
USER	I'd like a train leaving on Tuesday from Kings Lynn, please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive by?	
USER	I would like to arrive in cambridge by 17:30.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok I can book you on TR8177 from Kings lynn to Cambridge on Tuesday. How many seats do you need?	
USER	I just needed the info, no booking just yet. Thanks! goodbye.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using or system. Good bye.	
USER	Have a great day	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you and have a great day.	
USER	I actually need a place to stay as well. Something in the east please.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have 6 guesthouses and one hotel on the eastside, you looking for any specific amenities or have a price range in mind?	
USER	I am looking for something that is moderately priced with free wifi.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have the a and b guesthouse that has wifi and is moderately priced.	hotel
USER	Sounds great, could you book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on the same day as my train?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to check in on a different day or shorten your stay?	
USER	Yes let's go ahead and make it for just 1 night then.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Your reference number is AAO2UA2S . Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	No, that should do it! Thank you very much for your help.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.	
USER	Can you find a 4 star hotel in the north side?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 8 guesthouses that meet that criteria. Do you have a preferred price range?	
USER	Yes I want moderate price range	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I found 7 hotels that meets your criteria. Do you want parking?	
USER	Yes, free parking is important. And also make sure it's an actual hotel rather than a guesthouse, I prefer the amenities of a hotel.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry but in this area we have only guesthouses. Would you want to choose one of them?	
USER	I guess I don't have a choice. Book me in one of them a room for 3 people for 5 nights starting from this thursday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I booked you accomodation at arbury lodge guesthouse. Your reference number is AO41SUKL . Do you need anything else?	hotel
USER	No, that's all, thanks for the assistance!	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, I'm here yo help. Have a lovely stay!	
USER	I need to book a taxi to come by Saffron Brasserie by 03:30.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?	
USER	I'm coming from saffron brasserie.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where will you be going?	
USER	I'm going to leicester train station and need to arrive there by 03:30	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Just want to confirm before booking you are departing from saffron brasserie and want to arrive at leicester by 3:30, is that correct?	taxi
USER	Yes, that is correct	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking completed! Booked car type : white ford Contact number : 07379980416	
USER	Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thanks for using the help desk and have a great day.	
USER	I'm looking for information on a train that will arrive at 20:45 Wednesday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 318 trains running on Wednesday, to help narrow it down where will you be departing/arriving?	
USER	The train should depart from cambridge and should go to kings lynn.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train TR3234 leaves at 19:11 and arrives by 19:58. Shall I book that one for you?	
USER	Yes. Thank you very much.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great. I have booked your ticket, your reference number is : NSRUZ1F6 . May I help you with anything else today?	
USER	No thank you. That is all.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm glad we could help. thank you and goodbye!	
USER	I am looking for a swimming pool to go to in the north.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are two swimming pools to go to in the north. Would you rather go to Jesus Green Outdoor Pool or Kings Hedges Learner Pool?	
USER	Great can I get their phone number?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number for Jesus Green is 01223302579, and the number for Kings Hedges is 01223353248. Is there anything else I can do to help?	
USER	No, thank you.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay. well I have no information on entrance fee but I do have their locations specifics. Would you like those as well?	
USER	No, thank you.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Well I'm glad I could help you and if there's anything else you need, please call us again.	
USER	Yes, I'm looking for a Cuban restaurant in the Centre.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I don't see any Cuban restaurants in the Centre. Would you like to look for Cuban restaurants in another location?	
USER	Hmm okay can you search for chinese food instead then please?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 10 entries here. I recommend charlie chan.	restaurant
USER	That sounds great. Can I have their phone number and address?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Their phone number is 01223361763. Is there anything else I can do for you?	
USER	Yes, can I please get their postcode and address?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It is Regent Street City Centre, CB21DB	
USER	Thank you very much, that's all the information that I need.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. If you need anything in the future, feel free to check back with us. Enjoy your stay!!	
USER	Thanks again for the help. Have a great day. Goodbye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Please let us know if we can help any further. Have a great day.	
USER	Hello, we're planning on staying in Cambridge and need lodging. We're looking for a guesthouse which has all amenities etc. Price is no problem.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can help you find a nice place to stay. First, did you have a particular area of town you were interested in?	
USER	I would really like to stay in the east of town, and preferably an expensive guesthouse if one is available.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no expensively priced guesthouses in that area, but there are 2 moderately priced ones and 3 cheap ones. Would one of those suit you?	
USER	Can you suggest one of the cheap ones?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can recommend autumn house at 710 Newmarket Rd. Would you like me to book this for you?	hotel
USER	Yes. For one person for 5 nights starting from thursday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booked! Reference number: WQL1WG7F .	
USER	Thank you! I also need a train that arrives by 08:45	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure! Where will you be departing from? Would you like to depart at a certain time?	
USER	I'd like to leave from Stevenage and go to Cambridge, it should arrive by 8:45 on the same day as my hotel booking.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have train TR1044 leaving stevenage at 7:54 and arriving in cambridge 8:43. Would you like me to book that?	
USER	No, I'm not sure I need the train yet. Thanks for the info!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Is there anything else I could help you with?	
USER	No, that's all I needed. Thanks for your time!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.	
USER	Thanks. I will definitely use your service again.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Thank you for calling. Good bye.	
USER	Hello, could you help me with information on a train?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, I can. There are 2,828 trains traveling between Friday and Wednesday. Where are you departing from and what is your destination?	
USER	I am leaving from Norwich and going to Cambridge on Wednesday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time would you like to leave?	
USER	I don't have a departure time but I want to arrive by 15:45.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great I have tran that ik get you there by 15:35. Would you like to book that?	
USER	Just please get me the train ID and total travel time.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	the id is TR1892 and the duration is 79 minutes. anything else today?	
USER	Can you find me a cheap guesthouse to stay in?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you have a area of town you prefer?	
USER	East part of town please	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are three to choose from that are on the East part of town. They are all in the cheap price range. Should I recommend one?	
USER	Could you try to book me into one starting Wednesday?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How many nights will you be staying?	
USER	There will be three of us checking in on Wednesday and staying for two nights.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have you booked at the Autumn House, and your reference number is 8CCY0VK0 . Do you need the address or phone number?	hotel
USER	Not at this time. Thank you so much.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I can assist you with?	
USER	No, thanks. That's all for today.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a great day and enjoy your trip.	
USER	I am looking for a place to eat that's expensive and serves Belgian food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, we don't have any Belgian restaurants. Would you like to try a different type?	
USER	How about somewhere expensive in the centre?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	no such restraunts too	
USER	How about a gastropub restaurant?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have two, the backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce. Do you have a preference between the two?	
USER	Can you book a table at the Bistro for me? 4 people at 13:30 on Sunday, please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : NSLKEI1G .	
USER	Thanks! I also need a train from Cambridge to Ely, please.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	what time will you be departing?	
USER	I want to leave after 10:30 on Monday.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR8089 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?	
USER	Yes, what time do I need to be at the station?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I should be asking you what time you need to be at the station.	
USER	I just need the arrival time and price.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The arrival time for train TR8089 is 12:07, and it will cost only 4.40 pounds. Is there anything else I can help with?	
USER	That was everything. Thanks very much!	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, have a good day.	
USER	I need a moderately priced guest house.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 15 moderately priced guesthouses. Do you have any specific needs, such as area, or internet access, or parking? What star rating would you prefer?	
USER	Yes I want free wifi and the rating should have 4 stars.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Acorn house is on the north side, has a 4-star rating and is in the moderate price range. They have free WIFI. What dates do you need?	
USER	I need booking from 1 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, it doesn't look like they have a room available. Would you like me to try a different one?	
USER	yes, please try a different hotel in the same price range.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have successfully booked you a room for 1 person and 4 nights starting on Wednesday at the archway house. They are located at 52 gilbert road.	hotel
USER	Can you give me a reference number to check in with?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Reference number is 4D968P9B .	
USER	Thank you for your help!	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome! Enjoy your stay.	
USER	Thank you I'm sure I will.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great thank you.	
USER	I need information for a train leaving on friday after 15:15.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'll be happy to help with that. Can you tell me your departure and destination cities please?	
USER	I am leaving from Cambridge and going to Bishops Stortford.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is a train leaving at 15:29.	
USER	Perfect, can we book that for 2 people, and I will need the reference number.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have made those reservations and your reference number is 5EVEW0AE .	
USER	Where do I collect my ticket?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You will get that from the station.	
USER	Great, thanks! Can you please also recommend an expensive place to stay with free parking?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, the Lensfield hotel is within your price range and has free parking. The number is 01223355017 and post code is cb21en. Have a great day.	
USER	I wasn't done yet, but thanks I will have a great day. Now, can you tell me if that hotel is in the north?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	sorry. it is in the south.	
USER	Okay. So how about one in the north then, because that's what I want. If not, then try the centre. And don't try to book without my permission again please.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no hotels in the expensive range in the north.	
USER	I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre serving modern european food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have four choices, do you have a preference in price range?	
USER	I need one in the moderate price range.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 2 restaurants with your given preferences. They are de luca cucina and bar and riverside brasserie. Do want me to book a table for you?	restaurant
USER	Yes please. I need a table for one at noon on Saturday	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I tried to book a table using your criteria at both restaurants, but unfortunately, there was no availability at either. Would you like a different day or time?	
USER	Can you try 11:00 for either place?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That time was successful. You're booked at De Luca Cucina and Bar at 11:00 on Saturday. Your reference number is QCA3LHQC . Need anything else today?	
USER	Yes please. I need train on the same day arriving in Cambridge.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time are you looking to arrive in Cambridge?	
USER	I need to arrive by 08:45. Are there any trains that early?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Oh yes plenty. How about the 07:17 that arrives by 08:08.	
USER	What is the travel time and train ID?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That ID would be the TR8885, and the travel time is 51 minutes. Would you like to book a seat on that train?	
USER	No thanks. That will not be necessary. Thanks for the info. Goodbye.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Just to confirm, that train leaves from London Kings Cross. Is that your intended departure station?	
USER	Sorry, no, I need to depart from Broxbourne.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, it looks like the TR1971 would depart Broxbourne at 7:32 and arrive in Cambridge at 08:32. Would that work for you?	
USER	Perfect, thanks. I am all set now.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome. Good bye!	
USER	I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have about 9 different options for you. What type of food would you like to dine on?	
USER	I would prefer Caribbean food	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm so sorry, but we don't have any Caribbean restaurants in that area. Would you like a different type of food? Or I could check a different area.	
USER	Do you show any Indian restaurants in that area?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes I have 5 in that area. I would like to suggest cocum. Would you like to make reservations?	restaurant
USER	That sounds great. There will be 6 of us on Sunday for dinner. Say, 19:15?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great! Your table at cocum is booked. Your reference number is 1CQ2UX5F . Do you need help with anything else?	
USER	Yes, I'd also like to visit a museum.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 23 museums in Cambridge. Would you like to visit a museum near your restaurant in the west?	
USER	You can just choose the one you like best please and then tell me its postcode and area	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Cafe jello gallery is in the west area. The post code is cb30af. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	No that will be all thank you	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You are most welcome, enjoy your visit!	
USER	Hi, can you point me to an expensive restaurant that serves Italian food? I will be in the area soon.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 4 in the centre of town and one in the south, any preference?	
USER	Yes, I would like to book a reservation in the south for 2 people on friday afternoon.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Could you give me a more specific time for the "afternoon"? Reservations can be placed starting on the hour and every 15 minutes after.	
USER	Yes. I actually need a restaurant in the centre for three people on Wednesday at 18:15.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I cannot get a table reserved for you at that time. Perhaps another day or time slot maybe?	
USER	Can you try 17:15?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book stazione restaurant and coffee bar the reference number is 95K25VSO	restaurant
USER	Thank you. Can you book me a train arriving the same day as I am going to the restaurant?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would be happy to help if I have some more information. What are the departure and destination locations?	
USER	I'm coming to Cambridge from London Liverpool Street.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	When would you like to leave or arrive by?	
USER	I would like to arrive by 10:00 and I would like to book it for the same quantity of people as in the restaurant. I also would like the reference number.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, I have booked 2 tickets on TR5936 leaving Liverpool St at 07:39 and arriving in Cambridge at 09:07. Reference number 68JD5L35 . It will be 33.20GBP at the station.	
USER	Thank you! Goobye.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Have a nice day.	
USER	Hello, I need information for the nearest police station please.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The telephone is 01223358966 and the address is Parkside, Cambridge. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	Can I have the postcode please?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The postcode is CB11JG. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	No, thank you for your help.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome. Please let us know if there's anything else we can assist you with in the future.	
USER	I am looking for a place to stay with 4 stars.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly, is there an area of town you prefer?	
USER	No, but it should have free wifi, 4 stars, and free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are quite a few options that match your needs -would you prefer cheap or moderately priced?	
USER	No. You can pick the hotel. I will need it for 3 people lasting 2 nights, from Friday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked you a room at the Acorn Guest House. They are at 154 Chesterson Road, CB41DA. Their phone number is 01223353888. Can I help you with anything else?	hotel
USER	Yes, I need the reference number.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Reference number is : UUJ3X14V .	
USER	Thanks! I am also looking for suggestions for night clubs.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 6 night clubs in the city, 5 are in the centre and 1 is in the South? Would you like info on any of them?	
USER	What is the entrance fee and the phone number for the one in the south?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The Place is a nightclub in the south part of town. I'm sorry, i do not have the entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223324600. Is there anything else?	attraction
USER	No, that's all I needed! Thanks you've been so helpful! Bye!	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You are most welcome. Enjoy your visit!	
USER	I am looking for a college to visit.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	We have many colleges in Cambridge, most of which are in the center of town. Do you have a specific area in mind?	
USER	I don't have a preference, but could I have the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number please?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Clare college is located in the west with a postcode of cb21tl. The phone number is 01223333200 and the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.	
USER	Thank you. Can you help me in finding a hotel in the centre of town?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	May I recommend the Alexander Bed & Breakfast Hotel located in the centre of town at 56 Saint Barnabas Road?	
USER	Does it have 0 stars? I'm wanting to make sure I book a room at a place with 0 stars.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	No, the Alexander has a 4 star rating. There are two others located in the centre of town that have 0 stars. Would you like information for either of those?	taxi
USER	Could either of the ones with 0 stars accommodate 7 people for 4 nights, starting from Saturday? If so, book it and please provide a reference number.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	In order that I may better serve you, I will need the date you will need your accommodations.	
USER	I just said I needed it on Saturday for 4 nights? There will be 7 of us.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have you booked for four nights. Your reference number is ACLLASUS .	
USER	Great, I also need a taxi to take me between the two places.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd be happy to help you with a taxi. Which will you be departing from and what time are you looking to leave?	
USER	I will be departing from Clare college at 02:15.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, I booked a taxi from Clare College to Alexander at 02:15. The car will be a yellow Tesla, contact number is 07924405989.	
USER	Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!	
USER	I'd like for a taxi to take me to autumn house from travellers rest	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure thing! What time do you want to leave?	
USER	I want to arrive by 07:00, what time I leave is okay.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There's a grey skoda that will be picking you up. You can contact the driver at 07605689057.	
USER	I wanted to visit a place called Center, could you tell me the hours it's open, and if it is an attraction that I would need to book in advance?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, I don't have a listing for an attraction by that name.	
USER	ok. can you find me a nice hotel where i can spend over the weekend	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Perhaps you were interested in an attraction located in city CENTRE? Theatre? dancing? dining? museums? If not, I can help with hotel booking too.	
USER	Yes, I am interested in one located in the city Centre. Can you list out several for me so I can choose from them?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 44 different attractions in the centre ranging from architecture to nightclubs. What type of entertainment are you interested in?	
USER	Please give me a list of nightclubs and the admission fee	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are five nightclubs in the Centre. May I suggest Soul Tree Nightclub? It cost four pounds for the entrance fee.	
USER	Can you give me the post code for the Soul Tree Nightclub?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The postcode is cb23qf. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	I would also like to book a table for a restaurant that serves British food and is expensive. I need this to be in the same area as the nightclub.	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I found 3 restaurants matching your request. The cambridge chop house is very popular. Would you like to book a table there?	restaurant
USER	yes can you please help me with that?	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes when would you like to book?	
USER	I'd like to book a table for 12:00 on Wednesday	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, and for how many people?	
USER	I'd like it for 7 people please. And could you also get me a taxi to go between the two?	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	i booked that for you. your reference number is 2tn0v6dq .	
USER	Thank you. Can you also book me a taxi to go between the two?	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. I'll just need to know where you want to be picked up and where you want to be dropped off, plus either when you want to leave or arrive by	
USER	adress and phone number please and thank you	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately, I don't understand your message. To book your taxi, I need to know where you are starting and going to. I also need to know what time.	
USER	So sorry, I was distracted. I need to arrive at the restaurant in time for my booking, please.	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I can book that for you now.	
USER	please do and give me car type and contact	taxi, restaurant, hotel, attraction, bus, hospital, train, police
SYSTEM	Booking completed! Your car is a blue honda and the contact number is 07559573662.	
USER	Thank you so much. That's all I need for today.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, attraction, bus, hospital, train, police
SYSTEM	You are welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Have a great day.	
USER	Hi, I'm looking for a 4-star hotel with free wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure thing. I have two options for you, and they are both guesthouses. One in the east, and one in the north. Do you have a preference?	
USER	Are either of those two cheap?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	No I am sorry, they are both in the moderate price range. Would you like to book one of them?	
USER	Any one will do as long as it has a 4-star rating with free wifi and is cheap.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no 4-star places that are cheap and have free wifi. Perhaps something not as fancy, or in a higher price range?	
USER	I'm not sure. I really needed those specifications.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I apologize, we have several options. The alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap four star guesthouse, in the north area, with wifi. Would you care to reserve a room?	hotel
USER	Yes, let's book it for 3 nights from Wednesday. There will be 5 of us.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, I've made your reservation. The reference number is 525A3U0N . What else can I help you with today?	
USER	You've taken care of everything. Thank you.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you have a good day.	
USER	i need a place to stay	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay! What part of town would you like to stay in?	
USER	I'd prefer something in the North, a 4 star hotel with free wifi if possible.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no 4 start hotels in the north with free wifi.	
USER	would you like to book something without free wifi, or in another area.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no 4 star hotels in the north are with free internet. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	What about a guesthouse with 4 stars in the north?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, I see several guesthouses available! They are all in the moderate price range; does parking matter to you?	
USER	The parking does not matter.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, I would recommend Avalon. It is at 62 Gilbert Road, postcode cb43pd.	hotel
USER	Can you tell me the phone number?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, the phone number is 01223353071.	
USER	Can you also help me find an indian place to eat.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there a certain area or price range you would like?	
USER	I'm sorry, I meant to ask for help finding something fun to do in town in the north side of town. I don't need a restaurant after all.	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	do you have a type in mind?	
USER	can I get a boat?	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	riverboat georgina is in the north. Would this work?	
USER	find me its entrance fee	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, I would have to give them a quick call. How many people and what day?	
USER	I'm not ready to book it. I would just like to know the entrance fee.	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry. The entrance fee for the Riverboat Georgina is unknown. Would you like the phone number?	
USER	no thanks that will be all then	restaurant, hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I am glad that I can help. Have a nice stay.	
USER	I need a place to stay that is cheap.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay and what area will you be staying in?	
USER	I need a place in the center of town, and I would prefer a hotel over a guesthouse.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have three hotels in the centre, one is moderately priced and then there are two expensive ones. Would you like to book one of them?	
USER	I want to book one of the expensive ones.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The expensive ones are the Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel. Both offer free wifi and parking. The Gonville is 3 star rated, and the University Arms is 4 star.	
USER	Great. Can I book the University Arms for 2 nights for 4 people starting Sunday please? I'll need a reference number.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	OK, you're all set. Reference #MEGFYQHA . Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	Can you help me find a Hungarian restaurant, also in the centre of town?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, there are no Hungarian restaurants in the centre of town, would you like another location?	
USER	Is there and Indian restaurant available in that area?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 9 indian restaurants. Do you prefer cheap or expensive?	
USER	I would like expensive please.l	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several options in that area. How about Curry Garden? I hear it's great.	restaurant
USER	Can you book a reservation for me?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely, what day would you like reservations?	
USER	I would like to book it fro Sunday at 14:45.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How many people will be dining?	
USER	4 people will be dining.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your table is booked, ref#9BZUL5GV . Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	I think that is all I need today. Thank you for all your help. Good Bye.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a pleasant trip and, as always, we are here if you need us.	
USER	I am looking for information in Cambridge looking for a restaurant in the north	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have a range of options in the north. Do you have preferred cuisine or price range?	
USER	How about an expensive venetian place?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, I'm not finding any results. Is there another location or price range you'd like to try?	
USER	How about something that serves Asian Oriental food?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I do have one expensive asian oriental restaurant in the north. It is called Saigon City. Can I make you a reservation?	restaurant
USER	That sounds great. I will need a table for 5.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day and time would you like this reservation for?	
USER	16:30 on Thursday, please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We booked you for Thursday at 16:30, is their anything else I can assist you with?	
USER	Can you provide me with a reference number, please?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, your reference number is 80SX075C . Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	I would like to take a train from stansted airport to cambridge, on Thursday, with arrival by 13:30.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR9775 arrives by 12:52, would you like more info or tickets?	
USER	Please give me the departure and travel time.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It departs at 12:24 and the duration of the trip is 28 minutes.	
USER	Thank you! That is all the information I need.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	excellent, have a great day!	
USER	What museums are there in the north area of town?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry. There are none.	
USER	How about a swimming pool then?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Kings Hedges Learner Pool is located at Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges.	attraction
USER	Thank you. I just need the phone number and I'm wondering how much the entrance fee is?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes of course their telephone number is 01223353248 and I do not unfortunately have information on their entrance cost at this time.	
USER	Thanks, that sounds great. Can you suggest a cheap restaurant near the pool?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 2 cheap options in the North by the pool. Royal Spice serves Indian and Da Vinci Pizzeria serves Italian. Do you have a preference?	
USER	I am actually looking for a restaurant that serves scottish food.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I am sorry there are not any restaurants that serve Scottish food in the north area. Would you like to broaden your area?	
USER	How about Italian food?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, da vinci pizzeria is in the north and serves italian food and is in the cheap price range. Can I reserve a table for you?	restaurant
USER	Yes please. There will be 5 of us and we would like to eat on Thursday at 17:45.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I am very sorry that time was not available at da vinci pizzeria. Would you like to try a different time/day?	
USER	How about 16:45 on Tuesday? Can I have the reference number?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, that time is not available either. Would you like to try another one?	
USER	15:45, 18:45, if not Is there another italian restaurant that I could get a table for 5 at etiher 16:45 or 17:45?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I am very sorry, our system was giving me an error, but I have managed to book your party of 5 at 16:45 on Tuesday. Your reference number is XRR7UTLU . Is there anything else I can help with?	
USER	Yes I will also need a taxi to commute between the two places.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have a taxi that can take you from the Kings Hedges Pool to the restaurant, arriving there by your reservation time of 16:45. Will that work for you?	taxi
USER	What is the contact number and what will be the car type?	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Contact number is 07516311076, car type is a grey Ford.	
USER	Thank you so much!	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Anything else I can do for you?	
USER	No, that is all I need today. Thanks again! Bye.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay enjoy your stay in Cambridge!	
USER	I need a train that leaves for Ely on Friday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time do you need to travel to Ely?	
USER	I need to arrive in Ely before 11:30. I would be leaving from Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 3 trains that fit that criteria - is there a specific time you'd like to leave?	
USER	Yes, I would like to book a train that will arrive in Ely before 11:30.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR8792 departs Cambridge at 9:50 and arrives in Ely at 10:07. Would you like a ticket on that train?	
USER	I also need a place to stay on the north side of town that includes free parking.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have several guesthouses, one hotel and one lodge that meet that criteria.	
USER	Do any of them have 3 stars?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, the Hamilton Lodge has only three stars. It is a guesthouse in the north part of town. Would you like me to book you here?	
USER	No, but I do need the address, postcode, and phone number.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, The Hamilton Lodge is located at 156 Chesterton Road, cb41da. You can call at 01223365664. Is there anything else I can help with?	
USER	That is all I need. Thank you.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR8792 is the latest departing train on Friday. It departs at 9:50 and arrives in Ely at 10:07. Do you want to depart earlier?	
USER	I didn't need a train. I have everything I needed now. Thank You for your help.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	No problem. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!	
USER	I'm looking for a hotel called hamilton lodge.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Hamilton lodge is a guesthouse, on the north side of town, in the moderate price range and awarded 3 stars. Do you need more information?	
USER	What's the hotel type, postcode, and star of the hotel?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It is a moderately-priced guesthouse with 3 stars. The postcode is cb41da.	
USER	Thank you!! Can you also recommend places to go around the centre. My wife is really into architecture.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, I have many churches in the centre. Would you like more information about one? Perhaps Holy Trinity?	attraction
USER	Can I get the address of that?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. Their address is market street with postcode cb23nz.	
USER	Thank you so much, that is all I needed.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our system!	
USER	I need to place to eat, say, in the center of the town with some creative food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I don't have any creative restaurants in that area. maybe another cuisine?	
USER	What about Italian food?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have many Italian restaurants! If price is no issue, I recommend Caffe Uno.	restaurant
USER	That is great. I need to make a booking for one.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can do that. What day and time would you like the booking?	
USER	book a table for 1 people at 11:15 on tuesday with reference number please and thank you	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your reservation is booked. Your reference number is 4UROSY5A .	
USER	Thanks for handling the restaurant booking. I also need a cheap place to stay near the restaurant.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	If a guesthouse is okay, Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a 4-star cheap hotel in the center part of town near the restaurant. Will that work?	hotel
USER	That sounds great! Can I get the phone number and postcode too?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number is 01223525725 and the postcode is cb12de	
USER	Great, Thank you so much for all your help.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are most welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?	
USER	No, that's everything I needed. Thanks again! Goodbye!	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a wonderful trip.	
USER	can you recommend a good place to go in the centre?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes! What type of attraction would you like to visit?	
USER	Can you suggest one for me please. I need the postcode, entrance fee if any and phone number	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	the fitzwilliam museum is a museum is free. Postcode: cb21rb. Phone: 01223332900.	
USER	Also looking for a 4 star hotel in the same area as the museum.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	We have the University Arms, which is an expensive hotel, or the Alexander B&B, which is a charming, but inexpensive, guesthouse.	hotel
USER	Can you book a room there for 2 people and two nights? I'll need a reference number as well.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	What day will you be staying?	
USER	i will be staying for 5 days	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry... are you staying with two people for two days, or alone for five days? Which days would you like me to reserve?	
USER	Never mind the booking. I need a taxi.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay what time do you need the taxi?	
USER	I want to leave the hotel by 20:00.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	What is your destination?	
USER	The Fitzwilliam Museum is my destination.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	The taxi is all set, look for a grey toyota, they can be reached at 07596698267 if there are any issues. Any other questions?	
USER	Thank you that's all I needed today.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	you are welcome all the time	
USER	Great, that's all I need...thanks so much! Have a great day!	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome! Have a great day!	
USER	I'm wanting information about museums in the centre of town.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 11 museums in the centre of town. A few are the regency gallery, the fitzwilliam museum, castle galleries, and primavera.	
USER	The fitzwilliam sounds good. Could I get the phone number?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely, the fitzwilliam museum's phone number is 01223332900. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	I'm also looking for a hotel that is cheap and includes free parking.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I found the Cambridge Belfry. It is located in the west of town. Would you like me to book that for you?	
USER	No, thanks. That will be all.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Can I assist you with anything else today?	
USER	No, again, that is all, thank you.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a great day!	
USER	I'm looking for a moderately priced guest house. Can you recommend one?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 15 options. Do you have a specific area you would like to stay in? And are you interested in wifi and parking?	
USER	I don't care about wifi or parking. To be honest, I don't care what area it is in, either. What would you pick?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would go with the Acorn Guest House if I were choosing a moderately price guesthouse.	hotel
USER	Sounds nice. What is the address and postcode please?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The address is 154 Chesterton Rd, the postal code is cb41da, is there anything else that I can assist with?	
USER	I'm also looking for an attraction preferably on a boat in the west.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no boats in the west, can I try something else for you?	
USER	Hmm. What about museums?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Cambridge and county folk museum is available, would you like that?	taxi
USER	Sure. That sounds good. Can I get their address and postcode please?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure their address is 2-3 Castle Street and the postcode is cb30aq	
USER	Thanks! I also need a taxi between both locations, please.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Can you tell what time you want to be picked up and at which location?	
USER	I want to leave the hotel by 23:15.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking completed! Your contact number is 07349924614. The car type is a black ford. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	Wow that was fast thanks! No, that is all I needed. Hope you have a wonderful day.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!	
USER	Can you recommend some places to go in the west side of town?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several attractions in the west side of town. Do you have a preference for the type of attraction?	
USER	Not really. What would you recommend?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The museum of classical archaeology has free admission and is in the west area. Is there anything else that I can help you with?	attraction
USER	What is the postcode and address for the museum?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The postcode for that is cb3ojg and the address is Girton College, Huntingdon Road. Can I help you anymore today?	
USER	Can you help me find the Worth House hotel?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Worth House is a guesthouse on the north side. It is in the cheap price range, but has four stars. Would you like me to book you a room?	
USER	Yes, please, that would be perfect.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	what day would you like, and how may days?	
USER	I'm sorry, but don't book it. I just need the area and address.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	It is located in the north. The address is 152 chesterton road.	
USER	Thanks for all your help!	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Happy to help. Have a pleasant day.	
USER	I sure hope so. A friend recommended the Alexander Bed and Breakfast. What can you tell me about it?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It is a wonderful guesthouse located in the centre of town. It has a 4 star rating and offers both free parking and free internet. Would you like assistance booking?	
USER	That sounds like a great place! What's the address?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The address is 56 saint barnabas road.	
USER	I will also need a train on Tuesday.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several for Tuesday. Did you have a particular departure and arrival times?	
USER	I need the train to depart from Leicester and arrive in Cambridge by 10:15. I am open on departure time.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?	
USER	I am wanting to go to the theatre. Are there any in the centre of town?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The adc theatre is located on Park Street. There are a few others as well.	
USER	The adc theatre sounds perfect. Could I get the postcode and phone number please?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely - the ADC's postcode is cb58as and their phone number is 01223300085. Can I help with anything else today?	
USER	I'm also looking for a place to stay. I hate star ratings, so this place needs to have a star rating of 0. It doesn't need to include free internet.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 3 places to stay in Cambridge that have star ratings of 0, but they all include internet. Would you prefer a cheap or moderately priced hotel/guesthouse?	
USER	I don't care about the price, but I would like a place in the centre of town with free parking.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have the perfect place for you. It's called the El Shaddai guesthouse. It is on the cheap side and includes free parking and wifi. Can I interest you in it?	
USER	Is El Shaddai in the centre of town?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	It sure is. Would you like me to reserve it for you?	
USER	Yes can you reserve for two nights beginning May 18th?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely. How many people do you need a booking for?	
USER	I need to book for three people.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	With the greeting customer wanted to get information about theatre and hotel in the center of the city with free parking and free wii fii and not bothered about price.	
USER	I'm so hungry! Can you find me a really great modern european restaurant? Money is no object!	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Darrys cookhouse and wine shop looks good, would you like to book there?	restaurant
USER	I am a little tight on money, do you know the price range?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It is the expensive price range.	
USER	That's fine. I'd like to know if it's in the centre of town. If so, I need a table for Sunday.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, it's in the centre of town. What time would you like to book the table for on Sunday?	
USER	Can you book a table for 1 at 11:00 on sunday?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have made those reservations your reference is XZOJ853X .	
USER	Thank you so much! I'm also looking for parks to see. Can you help me with this?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes I have several. Where would you like it to be?	
USER	I am not particular but could I have an address for a popular one?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure thing, the address is fen causeway	
USER	You have been a great help. Thank you so much. Goodbye.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a great day!	
USER	Find me a train that leaves after 11:00 on Wednesday	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	ok, and what is your destination?	
USER	I'll be leaving cambridge with a destination of stevenage.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The earliest train after that time is TR3844. It departs at 11:21 and arrives in Stevenage at 12:10. Would that work for you or would you like a later train?	
USER	Yes please. I need the travel time.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It is a 49 minute ride, it will cost 12.80 pounds. Would you like me to make reservations for you?	
USER	Not right now, thanks. I would like to go to a museum while I'm in town, though.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Were you looking for one in a particular area?	
USER	No, any area is fine. Can you suggest one?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The Broughton House Gallery is a free museum located in the centre. Would you like more information about it?	
USER	I would like the address and phone number.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Located at 98 king street. Number is 01223314960.	
USER	Great thanks. That's all I need.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you need me to look up info about another place or attraction? Anything?	
USER	No, I think you've answered all my questions. Thank you!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	No problem! Have a great day.	
USER	I want to find a place to stay that is a guesthouse and has free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 21 guesthouses with free parking. Are you looking for a particular price range or location?	
USER	I want at least 4 stars rating. Are any of them 4 starts?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 16 that have a 4-star rating. Is there a particular price range you are looking for?	
USER	No, just anywhere that has room for 5 people starting Sunday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I need to narrow the search. What area do you want to stay in? Do you prefer moderate or cheap?	
USER	I prefer to stay in a moderate area.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 9 guesthouse in the moderate range with free parking and 4 stars. The archway house is nice on the north side.	hotel
USER	Sounds good. Please book for 5 people and 3 nights starting from this sunday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try aylesbray lodge guest house?	hotel
USER	Yes let's try that one please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	OK that is all set, thank you!	
USER	Hi, I'm looking for a 1 star place to stay with free wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry there are no 1 star hotels with internet, would you like me to search on 2 stars, we have a few hotels available.	
USER	Alright. I wanted a 1 star, but I guess I can listen to the 2 star options.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 2 on the north side that are in the moderate price range and 1 on the east side in the expensive range. Would you like to book one.	
USER	Hmm. What do you what about 4 star hotels?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 5 guesthouses with 4 star ratings in Cambridge with moderate to cheap price ranges. Would you like more information?	
USER	Well, I'd like to book one. I don't think it matters which one.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What dates would you like to book the room for?	
USER	I need it for two nights starting on Saturday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, how many people will be in your party?	
USER	It would be for 7 people.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked you at the A and B Guest House at 124 tenison road. The reference number is 0J08KUGQ . Can I help you with anything else?	hotel
USER	No, that is all. Thank you. Bye.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome, goodbye.	
USER	I need some information on a train departing from peterborough.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can help you with that! What information are you looking for?	
USER	I need a train to Cambridge that leaves after 4:15 PM.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day are you looking for the train?	
USER	I want to leave on Friday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There's a train going from Peterborough, leaving at 16:48. Will that work?	train
USER	That may work. What is the train ID, travel time, and arrival time?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train ID is TR0992, it departs at 16:48 and arrives at 17:38.	
USER	how long is the train ride?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The train ride will last 50 minutes from 16:48 to 17:38.	
USER	Great, thanks. Can you also help with finding a great restaurant to eat at. I want something in the centre of town and moderately priced if possible.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	great, i have 21 options for you!	
USER	21 in the moderate price in the centre? Which one do you say is best?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It would really depend on what kind of food you like. What is your favorite cuisine?	
USER	I'm open to anything, Ill go with what you recommend and take a booking for three people at 20:00 on friday.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have reserved a table for you at Restaurant One Seven, it's a real popular locale. Your reference number is JNNU896Z .	restaurant
USER	Thanks so much, that's all I needed help with today!	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	you are welcome and thanks for using our services	
USER	I'd like a restaurant in the north part of town that is in the medium price range.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What type of food are you looking for?	
USER	I don't care	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The golden wok serves Chinese food, is located in the north part of town and in the moderate price range.	
USER	is there another one as well?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, there is also The Nirala which is an Indian restaurant. Would you be interested in more information on that one?	
USER	Yes could you give me the phone number for The Nirala?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Their number is 01223 360966.	
USER	Which part of town it is in ?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	it is located in the north part of town	
USER	Thank you goodbye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a nice day.	
USER	I am looking for information on a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives at 9:45	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are a few that arrive at cambridge by 09:45 what day are you arriving and where are you departing from?	
USER	I'm departing from London Liverpool Street and I want to leave on Tuesday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay great! I have one train that would get you to Cambridge on Tuesday by 09:07. Would you like me to book that for you?	
USER	No I just need to know the departure time please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The departure time is 07:39 for that train. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	Yes, can you tell me some good places to go while I'm in town?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are lots of nice attractions in town. Do you have a preference for type or area?	
USER	I think we'd like to see a museum - do you have any recommendations?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 23 museums all around the city. If you don't have any area preferences, Cafe Jello Gallery on the west side is very nice, and they have no entrance fee.	
USER	That sounds perfect. What is there address?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Cafe Jello Gallery, 13 Magdalene Street, and there is no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can assist you with?	attraction
USER	Do you have their phone number?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Their phone number is 01223312112. Is there anything else I can help with?	
USER	No that will be all. Thanks.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you and have a good day!	
USER	I want to book a taxi to pick me up Travellers Rest to take me to Finches Bed and Breakfast.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure! when would you like to arrive?	
USER	I would like to arrive at the restaurant no later than ten o'clock a.m.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have confirmed a taxi booking for you, a red tesla will be picking you up.	
USER	Ok great, can I have the contact number?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure its 07915006170. Is there anything else I can do for you?	
USER	No, thank you. Great service. Goodbye.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Please contact us again if there's anything else you need during your stay.	
USER	Please find me some information about the mutliple sports in the centre	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	We only have one multiple sports complex but it is in the east, are you interested in that, or do you want another search in the centre?	
USER	No, I need to stay in the centre. Are there any parks there?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay! You can try Cambridge University Botanic Gardens on Bateman Street. It is in the Centre part of town, and the admission fee is 4 Pounds.	attraction
USER	Great! What is their phone number?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number is 01223336265.	
USER	I also need a train departing from cambridge to arrive by 21:15	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok. I can help with train info. Whata is your destination?	
USER	The destination is peterborough.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	how about TR9859? it leaves at 05:06	
USER	Sounds good, please book me for four people and can I get a reference number?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is 2WXSC5I1 . Will that be all?	
USER	That is all I need.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye!	
USER	I am looking for an upscale Chinese food restaurant in Cambridge; can you make a recommendation?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yu garden is in the expensive price range in the east part of town.	
USER	I need something in the Center of town.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are four expensive Chinese restaurants in the centre of town. Would Ugly Duckling suit you?	restaurant
USER	That sounds fine. Can you give me the address and phone number?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes Ugly Duckling would work. Would you please reserve it for me and send me the reference number? Thank you.	
USER	Yes, I know it would work, I am the one you asked, lol. Can you just give me the address and phone number though?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Their address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. Unfortunately their phone number is not available.	
USER	Thanks, I am also looking for somewhere to go in the centre area.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Castle Galleries is a museum in the centre and it's free. Would you like the address or another option?	attraction
USER	Yes, I'd like the address please.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Their address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street and their postcode is cb23bj.	
USER	No that's all, thank you!	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, have a great day.	
USER	I need to book a taxi to arrive by 13:45 to take me to La Margherita.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can help you with that. where are you going?	
USER	I am going to La Margherita.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are booked. Your car is a white toyota and contact number is 07178746002	
USER	Um wait how did you book the taxi if you never even got my departure location?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can check that. What is your departure location?	
USER	I am departing from hakka.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I apologize for the error. You are booked for a blue Volvo with the contact number of 07789499283 from hakka.	
USER	Ok that's all I need. Thanks!	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're more than welcome!	
USER	I'm looking for a restaurant in the west side that's in the moderate price range.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have three listings,one for british,indian,italian. Are any of those types of food you are looking for?	
USER	Are any of them available for 8 people at 19:00 on Wednesday?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are two restaurants available the Indian restaurant Meghna and the Italian restaurant Prezzo 8 people at 19:00 on Wednesday. Which one do you prefer?	
USER	The Italian restaurant Prezzo sounds good.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, table will be reserved for 15 mins. Reference number is : GVOKLI1A . Anything else?	
USER	nope thats it. thanks	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Have a great day!	
USER	Hi can you help me to book a train from london liverpool street?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I certainly can! I'll need to know your destination, day of travel, and what time you want to leave or arrive by, so I can find a suitable train, OK?	
USER	I'll be traveling on Sunday. I'm going from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR2357 leaves London Liverpool Street at 7:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 9:07. Would this work or do you need another time frame?	
USER	How long is the travel time?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The travel time will be 88 minutes. Would you like me to book it for you?	
USER	No thank you. I need information on a attraction called scott polar museum.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Scott Polar Museum is located in the centre area, and has no entrance fee. Do you need additional information?	
USER	Entrance fee, attraction type, and phone number please.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	01223336540 It is a museum in the center. It is free to get in.	
USER	Thank you that's all I need today.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day.	
USER	you too have a wonderful day.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Bye bye.	
USER	I'd like to book a taxi, please. I need to get from the lensfield hotel to peking restaurant.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time do you want to be picked up at the lensfield hotel?	
USER	I would like for the taxi to arrive by 06:15.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking completed! Booked car type : red audi Contact number : 07547694043	
USER	Cheap restaurant in the north. address and phone number, please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are two restaurants in the cheap category in that area. Would you prefer Italian or Indian?	
USER	I would prefer Italian.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 milton road chesterton and they can be reached at 01223 351707	
USER	Thank you goodbye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using Cambridge restaurant system. Good bye.	
USER	Looking for a place to go to in the centre area, a type of college.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Excellent! There are 13 places that might work. How about Downing College on Regent Street? It has free entrance.	attraction
USER	Sounds great! Can I have their postalcode and phone number please?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	No problem. Their postal code is cb21dq and their phone number is 01223334860. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	I like to find a train that goes to broxbourne.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I can help you with that. Where will you be leaving from?	
USER	I will be leaving from Cambridge and will need to arrive by 10:30	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I recommend TR2519 leaving at 09:01 and arriving at 10:01. Would you like me to book that train for you?	
USER	Is that the schedule for Friday? That's when I need to travel. If so, please book 8 tickets for me?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You are booked on train TR2519 for 8 on Friday. The total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is LDDIXALA .	
USER	Thank you so much! Goodbye now!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're very welcome! Enjoy your travels! Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.	
USER	Can you find me a hotel in the northern area that isn't to cheap or expensive?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have the ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Which one would you like?	
USER	The Ashley Hotel sounds good. Does it have free parking?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ashley hotel does have free parking	
USER	Thanks. Coulc you book a room for me, just one person. It will be three nights starting Sunday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Reference number is : LCFYMN3F	
USER	Great, thank you for all your help.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	No, thank you for your service.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome, I'm always glad to help. Goodbye now.	
USER	Can you find me a guest house?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Their is Acorn guest house in the north, they are located at 154 chesterton road and their number is 01223353888	
USER	Ok is the Acorn guest house a 4 star moderate priced hotel with free parking	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, it is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse. They offer free parking and internet.	
USER	I'd like to book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting Wednesday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book that, reference number is C0SOOPR7 .	
USER	Great! I'd also like to find a restaurant in the same price range.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many moderately priced restaurants available. Is there a particular type of food you would like?	
USER	The restaurant would need to serve kosher food.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm not finding anything in the price range and area that serves kosher food. Would you like to try a different price range?	
USER	How about one that serves british food?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm not finding any moderately priced British restaurants in the north, either. Would you like me to look for something else, or a different price range?	
USER	Yes, can you look at five star restaurants offering either kosher or british food?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry I do not see any listing for the description you are looking for. Perhaps there is something else you would like to try?	
USER	Ok, let's start over. I don't want to cause confusion. I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town that serves kosher food. Can we try that?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, I don't have any matches for that, would you like to try another option?	
USER	How about a restaurant that serves British food in the centre of town?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 4 listings for british food in the centre of town.	
USER	Okay, please pick one for me.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Shall I book one? If so on what day?	
USER	Wednesday, for 2 people. At 16:30.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Among the four restaurants, I cannot book for 1630, is there another time you would like to aim for?	
USER	How about 15:30? please send me the reference number once booked. I am also going to need a taxi that will get us to the restaurant by booking time.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	OK, you're booked at Cotto, refrence number UH4IHWMG . A red volkswagen should be coming to the Acorn to take you there, contact number 07499457879. Anything else I can help with?	taxi, restaurant
USER	No, thanks. That does it for me. Take care. Goodbye.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Please feel free to contact us again for further assistance. Good-bye.	
USER	I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many options that could satisfy your request, what price range do you require?	
USER	I don't care about the price range. I do want to be in the north, though.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 9 possibilities in either the cheap or moderate price range. Which do you prefer?	
USER	how about something in the north?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How about acorn guest house?	hotel
USER	try there for three nights then give me the reference number	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Can you tell me for how many people and on what day?	
USER	i want booking for four people	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day do you need to check in?	
USER	I'll arrive on Wednesday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Your reference number is 6WKSPADC .	
USER	Great. That takes care of all my needs for now. Thanks!	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Terrific, glad I could help. Don't hesitate to contact us if you need anything else.	
USER	I need train schedule information for Thursdays, please	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can help with that. From where are you departing and to where are you going?	
USER	departing from cambridge and arrive by 21:45	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 168 trains that day. Do you have a destination in mind so I can narrow it down?	
USER	I need to go to stansted airport please	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would recommend train TR7966 that leaves at 05:40	
USER	That's fine. Please book one seat for me, please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Success. Your reference number is PMHZ3TJO .	
USER	I am also looking for a hotel with free wifi, but it doesnt need to have free parking.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you have a preferred area or price range?	
USER	The area doesn't matter, but I would like it to be an expensive 4 star hotel.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 2 options for you. The first is the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west. The other is the University Arms Hotel in the centre. Do you have a preference?	
USER	The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel sounds really nice. Could you book us a room there for 2 nights on Tuesday?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How many people will be staying for the booking?	
USER	Just one person please	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately they are booked up for those nights. Would you like to try another night or the University Arms Hotel instead?	
USER	Try booking the room for just one night, please.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That worked. I have you booked on Tuesday for 1 night. Your reference number is 7IX0V6NU . Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	Thank you but that's all.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Let us know if you need anything else? Good bye.	
USER	Hello, I need a train to Peterborough from Cambridge please	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Which day would you like to travel?	
USER	I would like to travel on friday, and arrive by 14:45	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR9859 would fit your needs shall i book it ?	
USER	Actually, no need to book. But, can I get the travel time and the price of the ticket please?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course. The travel time is 50 minutes. The price is 16.50 pounds. Would you like any other information?	
USER	Yes, I'm also looking for places to go in town.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, I can help you with that. What kind of attraction were you looking for?	
USER	I would like to find a museum in the centre of town.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many. Would you like me to recommend one for you?	
USER	Yes, please. What is your favorite museum? I'd like their address and postcode. You're a lifesaver!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology is excellent. They're at University of Cambridge, Downing Street in postcode cb23dz. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	Um... no, I think I should be good with that. Thanks.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Have a great day!	
USER	Could you help me find a place to stay? I need a place in town that offers free parking and free wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I am showing 25 entries, maybe we can narrow it down a bit. What price range and part of town are you looking for.	
USER	Are any of them a guesthouse in the moderate price range?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes! The Acorn Guest House is very popular. Would you like more information on that hotel?	
USER	Could i get the postcode, please?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The postcode for the acorn guest house is cb41da.	
USER	I am also looking for a place to dine.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there a specific type of food you would like to eat?	
USER	Yes, I would like british food in the moderate price range please.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have found Restaurant One Seven within your range. Would you like for me to book it?	
USER	Great! Can I have the address and phone number, please?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223337766. Have a great night!	
USER	I will be traveling soon and am excited about seeing some attractions. I am looking for a place to stay when I get there.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can certainly help with that! Can you tell me a little more about what you're looking for?	
USER	Thank you! I would like to stay in the North part of town, please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many places to choose from. Do you have a certain price range you want to stay in? How about free wifi and parking?	
USER	I definitely need free wifi, and I'd like a 4 star place.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The archway house is in the north and 4 stars	
USER	That sounds great! What's their address and phone? And is that a hotel or a guesthouse?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	archway house is a guesthouse. The address is 52 gilbert road and the phone number is 01223575314. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	Thanks. Yes, I am also looking for places to go when I get there. Are there any cinemas in the same area as Archway House?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What price range are you looking for?	
USER	I am looking for a cinema, are there any in the area?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 2 cinemas. One is in the south. The other is in the centre of town. Which do you prefer?	
USER	I need a cinema in the north.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately there are no cinemas in the north part of town. Would you like me to see if we have a few located in a different area?	
USER	What about a pool in the north?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 2 pools in the north, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool. Would you like more information on one of them?	
USER	Can I have the phone number and postcode for Kings Hedges?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	01223353248 and cb42xh respectively	
USER	Thank you, I also need a taxi to communte between the two places. I'll need to leave the kings hedges learner pool by 3:45.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	look out for a blue ford. the contact is 07584361462	
USER	Okay, great. Thank you for your help!	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	No problem, is there anything else I can help with?	
USER	No that's all thank you for the help!	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Glad, I could help you plan your experience in cambridge, enjoy your day.	
USER	I am trying to get some suggestions on where I can take my wife for our anniversary. We want to try to find something fun to do.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How about whipple museum of the history of science?	attraction
USER	Sounds interesting. Can I get the entrance fee and postcode info?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	It is a free attraction, and the postcode is cb23rh. Is there anything else?	
USER	Well, I guess I forgot to specify that I need something on the south end of town.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, but there is nothing on the south side of town. Would you like to change the area?	
USER	Are there any attractions at all on the south side of the city?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, yes, Nusha is an entertainment venue that I think you will enjoy. Postcode for that is cb17dy, but there is no entrance fee listed.	
USER	That's all. Thanks for the info!	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you.Good bye.	
USER	What are some places to go to?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have 79 attractions, do you have anything you'd like to see?	
USER	Recommend something for me, as long as it is in the center.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The Cambridge Contemporary Art museum is in the center. It has free admission.	attraction
USER	That sounds perfect, thanks. Can you also help me find a guesthouse to stay in? I'd like a 4 star location, please.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure thing which area?	
USER	The hotel should include free wifi it should be near the attractions	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There is the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the centre of town. It is 4 starts and offers free internet and parking. Would you like me to reserve?	hotel
USER	Yes please make me a booking for 8 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Reference number is : EHM9N8KK . Can I assist you further today?	
USER	No that looks like everything I need today. Thank You.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Your welcome. Have a great day.	
USER	I'm looking for a train that leaves Wednesday and arrives by 9:30.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where is your departure from?	
USER	Oh, sorry coming in from Kings Lynn	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have train TR4638 from Kings Lynn to Cambridge departing at 8:11 and arriving at 8:58. Would that work for you?	
USER	May I make a booking for six people?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have successfully booked your tickets. 58.8 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is WGS360AQ	
USER	Great. Thank you.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a great day!	
USER	I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	sure, what can i help you find?	
USER	I'm looking for a place to eat in the centere of town in the expensive price range serving hungarian food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no hungarian restaurant located in the centre of town. How about another food type?	
USER	Sure, let's try British food, please?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, there are 3. I recommend midsummer house restaurant.	restaurant
USER	That sounds great! Could you book a table there for Wednesday? There will be 7 of us, and we'd like to eat at 16:00.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I certainly can. Just let me call them and confirm the reservation. Can you hold please?	
USER	ok and get me the reference number please	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Reference number is : TFUP32PH . Is there anything else?	
USER	I also need a train to Leicester.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you be leaving from Cambridge?	
USER	Yes, on Thursday.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time would you like to leave?	
USER	I prefer to depart after 16:45. Just choose the first train you see listed and book tickets for 7 people. Then give me the reference number.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	IKCBZMLX Is you confirmation number, have you booked for seven tickets.	
USER	Thank you for all of your help.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Do you need additional help with a taxi or attractions?	
USER	No that is everything I needed. Thank you.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome and enjoy your stay.	
USER	I am in need of a taxi to the cambridge punter please	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd be happy to help, where will you be leaving from?	
USER	I will be leaving from Magdalene college.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time do you want to leave or arrive by?	
USER	I want to leave after 16:45.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow lexus Contact number : 07556697926	
USER	Great, thanks for your help.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	No I am actually all set now thanks though	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for choosing our service, goodbye.	
USER	I want to find a German restaurant please that's in the cheap price range.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately, there are no German restaurants in the price range you requested. Would you like a different restaurant?	
USER	Perhaps there is one that serves Indian food. Indian food is also good.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Can I recommend Kohinoor? They serve budget friendly Indian food in the centre of town.	
USER	The Kohinoor sounds good. Could you book a table for 2 for me?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd be happy to reserve your table. What time would you like to dine?	
USER	It's for around 12:45 on Wednesday. And that was for 2 people please. Can I get the reference number then too please?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book a table for you at 12:45. The reference number is 0CUR7IQX .	
USER	I'm also looking for a train that leaves after 15:15 that arrives at Birmingham New Street.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Please book trainid TR8952 leaving cambridge at 16:01.	
USER	Thanks, could you book 2 tickets and let me know the reference number please?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booked! Reference number is FGBPBWP1 . Total fee is 150.19 GBP, paid at the station. Anything else?	
USER	That's everything. Thank you very much!	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are very welcome. Enjoy your day.	
USER	Hello, I would like information on Milton County Park.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Milton county park is in the north side area and their phone number is 01223420060. Their address is Milton county park, Milton and postcode is cb46az with free entrance fee.	
USER	Yes thank you! That is all I needed.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I am glad I could be of assistance. Have a good day!	
USER	Sorry, also, I need information on the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure it is a guesthouse in the centre, it is priced cheap with 4 stars, it has internet and free parking.	
USER	Perfect. I was curious about how many stars they had. Thanks so much for the information.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you like me to book you into alexander bed and breakfast? I will need the details of your stay.	
USER	Maybe. How many stars is the hotel rated?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	It's rated 4 stars. Is there any other information you'd like about the Alexander Bed and Breakfast to make your decision?	
USER	No I need some time to consider my choices. Thank you for your help today. That is all the information I need.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay. If you need any help with reservations, please give me a call back.	
USER	Thank you for your help. I will.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!	
USER	A train depart from Cambridge and arrive by 19:00	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What is your destination? And what day are you hoping to travel?	
USER	I need to leave on Thursday and am heading to Bishops Stortford.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 5 trains available what time would you like to leave by?	
USER	I'd like to leave before 14:00	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, TR0927 leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07. Shall I book you a seat?	
USER	No, I'll look it up later and do it myself. But could you tell me if there are any 4 star places to stay in the city centre?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are two, a cheap guest house, and an expensive hotel. Any preference?	
USER	Which ever one has free parking and wifi.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	They both have free parking and wifi. How about the alexander bed and breakfast? It's on the cheaper side, 4 stars, and really quite lovely.	hotel
USER	Sounds great. Can you please book that for me for Tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights please?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to successfully book you, your reference number is D53TP7EU ., can I assist with anything else?	
USER	Nope, that's all I need today. Thanks!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Have a great day!	
USER	I am looking for a train.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd be happy to help you with that. Can you tell me your departure location and where you are headed to?	
USER	I am looking to go to london kings cross and depart from cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 70 trains making that trip, do you have a day or time?	
USER	I'll be leaving on friday after 12:45.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR3685 leaves just 15 minutes later, at 13:00.	
USER	That sounds great. I'll get back to you when I decide on the booking. Have a nice day. Bye.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome! Have a great day. Goodbye.	
USER	I need information on the fitzwilliam museum	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, I can help you with that. What kind of information do you need?	
USER	Can I get the phone number, address, and area it is located in?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course, the Fitzwilliam Museum is located in the centre area of town, at Trumpington street, and can be reached at the phone number: 01223332900. Do you need anything else?	
USER	No, thank you, that is all I need.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	OK, have a nice day. Good bye.	
USER	I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and in the west	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 9 matching restaurants. What food would you like?	
USER	I would really like to try some British food please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 2 matching restaurants. Would you like more details on them?	
USER	No, if you could just book me into one for saturday, that would be great.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, how many people and what is the time preference?	
USER	I need if for four, 13:30, Saturday.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, you're booked at Travellers Rest with reference number A5LK844G . May I help with anything else?	restaurant
USER	Okay great no that will be it.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay. Glad I could be of help. Please call again.	
USER	Can you help me find a place to stay? I'm looking for somewhere in the west.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can help with that. Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse?	
USER	That doesn't really matter, but I do need it to include free wifi.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are four possibilities. Do you have a price range in mind?	
USER	We would like it to be in the expensive price range.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The huntingdon marriott hotel fits your criteria, would you like me to book you a room?	hotel
USER	Yes, sounds get. I need to get a room for just myself for 5 nights starting monday	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked a room for five nights beginning Monday for a party of 1. Your reference number is IXEZZNYL . Can I help you find anything else in the city?	
USER	Yes please, can you help me find a restaurant that serves British food in the same area as my hotel?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you prefer moderate or expensive prices?	
USER	It doesn't matter. You can just recommend the one you think is best as long as it is british and in the same area as my hotel	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Reference number is : IXEZZNYL .	
USER	Uhh Yes, the name of the place please? After that I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant to arrive at the mysterious unnamed restaurant.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The name is Saint Johns Chop House. What time would you like a taxi for?	taxi
USER	I would like it to arrive by my booked time at the restaurant which is 14:15.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking is complete. A blue Lexus has been assigned to pick you up. 07848295370 is the contact number. Anything else I can do?	
USER	No that is everything I needed. Thank you.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are quite welcome! Goodbye!	
USER	Please find a park in the north.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, there is Milton Country Park in the north. What would you like to know about it?	
USER	Could I get the postcode, address and entrance fee for that location, please?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The address is milton country park, milton, the postcode is cb46az and it is totally free to enter. Can I assist you further today?	taxi
USER	Thanks. I also need an expensive restaurant. Do you know of any Asian Oriental places?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	We have two such places in the center and North of town. Do you have a preference?	
USER	I'd like the one in the north, please?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	okay, would you like me to book that for you	
USER	no, just their phone number and address please	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Kymmoy's phone number is 01223311911 and the address is 52 Mill Road City Centre.	taxi
USER	Now I would like to book a taxi to commute between those two locations.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, I can help you with that. When would you like to leave the park?	
USER	I'd like to leave at 21:30. I'll need the contact number and car type, please?	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Your Booking is complete the car type is a blue volkswagen and Contact number is 07433449642. May i assist you with something else?	
USER	We would like to eat some Japanese food while we are visiting.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is one Japanese Restaurant in town. Wagamama at 36 Saint Andrews Street in the centre. Would you like to make a reservation?	
USER	If the price range is moderate then yes but if it is expensive I would like to look instead for Chinese restaurants.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It looks like the Japanese place is expensive. The jinling noodle bar is a moderately price chinese place. Would like me to book a table there?	
USER	I'm not ready for a reservation, but it would be helpful if you could give me the area, postcode, and phone number for Jinling Noodle Bar.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It is located in the centre area at 11 Peas Hill City Centre. The phone number is 01223566188	
USER	Can I get their postcode please?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, postcode cb23pp. Can I be of further assistance today?	
USER	I could use some help finding a train to get me to Leicester on Monday.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you have a time you want to leave or arrive by?	
USER	I want it to arrive by 18:00	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR5465 arrives at 17:06. can i book that one?	
USER	Just to confirm TR5465 departs Cambridge and arrives in Leicester at 17:06? What time does the train depart?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train TR5465 departs at 15:21. Is there anything else you need to know?	
USER	thats all for today. thanks alot for helping	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thanks for contacting us, have a great day!	
USER	I am looking for information in Cambridge	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly. What can I help you with today?	
USER	I'm looking for places to stay that has 3 stars	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have several options. Any specific area?	
USER	I don't really care where. But, it does need free parking. I'm thinking I may need free wifi also. Is there anything?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have five options available. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?	
USER	Do you have any recommendations?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I recommend the lensfield hotel located on the south side of town at 53-57 lensfield road. Do you need anymore information?	hotel
USER	Great can you give me the phone number?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Their phone number is 01223355017.	
USER	thank you that will be all	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our services. Please feel free to call on us again if we can be of help planning your trip to Cambridge.	
USER	What is good in the south part of town	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What type of food are you interested in?	
USER	I don't care what type of food it is.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are nine restaurants in the south area. Is there a price range you would like in particular?	
USER	Yes, under $25.00 per entree.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you like the cheap, moderate, or expensive price range?	
USER	cheap, please	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are two available in the south: Nandos, which serves Portuguese, and The Lucky Star, which serves Chinese. Do you have a preference?	
USER	I'm looking for asian oriental food in expensive range.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is Saigon City in the north and Kymmoy in the centre. Do either of those interest you?	
USER	Yes. Could you provide the address and phone number for Kymmoy?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Kymmoy is located at 52 Mill Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223311911. Would you like to book a table?	
USER	Yes can you please and send me the reference number?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, I will send the reference number.	
USER	I also need a train leaving Peterborough on Wednesday.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there any specific time you would like to leave?	
USER	yes, I would like to leave after 10:30.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train TR4535 leaves at 10: 48 and arrives at 11:38. should I book that?	
USER	Can you give me the travel time on that?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The travel time is 50 minutes. Can i help with anything else?	
USER	That is all I needed today.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Perfect. Glad to have been of service. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!	
USER	Can you help me find a train leaving Norwich after 13:30? Thanks.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I sure can. What day do you plan to travel?	
USER	Yes, I am traveling on Wednesday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR1892 will get you there by 15:35, just one ticket then?	
USER	I need reservations for 7 people and I need the reference number.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to get the tickets the fee is 123.20 gbp payable at the station and the reference number is BIBJ2DS0 . Do you need anymore help today?	
USER	Thank you! I am also looking for places to go in the Centre part of town. Can you help me with that, please?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure thing, I would suggest the old schools.	
USER	What are the old schools? Do you mean colleges?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	No, old schools is a tourist attraction in the centre. It's located on trinity lane and there's no charge to check it out.	
USER	What is the phone number please?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number is 01223332320.	
USER	I guess I'll go call them. Thanks a lot. Bye.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, have a great day!	
USER	Can you please find me a train that leaves to bishops shortford? Can it also arrive before 10:45 too? Thankyou for your time.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have the TR2061 that arrives at 06:07. Will that work?	
USER	Does it leave on Sunday?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	No, that one leaves on Friday. TR9219 leaves Sunday at 5:29 and arrives in Cambridge by 6:07. Would you like to book a seat?	
USER	Yes please book a seat and send me a reference number.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked you a seat and the reference number is : 6IJ7W2BN .	
USER	Thanks so much. Can you also find me a place to stay?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Definitely - we have 33 great places to stay in town. If you can give me some specific requirements, I can narrow it down to the perfect place for you.	
USER	I would like a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the north.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd recommend the acorn guest house. It has free wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?	hotel
USER	No that's ok. Can I just get the phone number and postcode?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	01223353888 is the number, the post code is cb41da. Can I help with anything else today?	
USER	That will be all for today thanks !	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Awesome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day	
USER	Are there any trains arriving by 15:15 on Thursday?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can help you with that. What day are you wanting to travel, and where is the destination?	
USER	I need to go to Broxbourne, I'll be leaving Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay what day would you like to travel?	
USER	I said Thursday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR0071 arrives at 14:01. Would you like to book tickets?	
USER	Yes please book for 8 people. I need the reference number. Also, I want information on a restaurant called Bangkok City.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your train is booked, ref #46PQOV6Y . Now, what would you like to know about Bangkok City?	
USER	yes how did you know? lol. Can I have their phone number please	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Their number is 01223354382. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	That is all thank you goodbye	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Thank you. Goodbye	
USER	He, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants in Cambridge. Can you tell me about some train schedules?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can help you with both of those things. Let's start with what type of food or what part of town you would like to eat.	
USER	Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the north with indian food?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes I have one restaurant matching your criteria called Royal Spice. Would you like their telephone number?	
USER	No thanks, I need a train from cambridge to stevenage in Tuesday. I want to arrive before 21:00	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, TR6692 leaves Cambridge at 19:21 and arrives in Stevenage at 20:10. Will this work for you?	
USER	Could I get the price of that train please?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That ticket will be 12.80 pounds.	
USER	Thanks. Now I think you could help me with an expensive Italian restaurant perhaps?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How about cafe uno in the centre?	restaurant
USER	Sounds good. Can you book a reservation for Tuesday at 22:00?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How many people will be dining at cafe uno?	
USER	I need the reservation for three.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately I am unable to book at 22:00 at Caffe Uno, do you have another time?	
USER	Um I meant 14:45, my mind wandered, who wants dinner two hours before midnight, lol. Same booking but 14:45 please.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MRKAMZJM . Anything else I can help with?	
USER	thanks alot.that is all i needed for today	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great! glad I could help!	
USER	I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range. It should serve Sri Lankan food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry but I have nothing listed. Is there another type of food you might be interested in?	
USER	I was really hoping for Sri Lankan.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm afraid there aren't any Sri Lankan restaurants in town at all. Is there something else I can search for you?	
USER	How about gastropub?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I found three located in the centre and one on the east. Which would you prefer?	
USER	Are they all listed as expensive?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, they are all expensive. backstreet bistro is in the centre area, and royal standard is in the east. Would you like me to make a reservation at either of these?	
USER	Could you please give me the phone number for the Royal Standard?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, it's 01223247877.	
USER	Okay, thanks. That will do it for today.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are most welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.	
USER	Can you point me to the nearest police station?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Please call the Parkside police station at 01223358966. They will be able to assist you.	
USER	Thank you for your help.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	Thanks, that's all. Good bye.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great! Have a nice day!	
USER	I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that serves Jamaican food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry but i cannot find any Jamaican restaurant located in the south .	
USER	Are there ant Jamaican restaurants in any part of town?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately there are not. Would you be interested in a different cuisine?	
USER	How about Portuguese food instead?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Nandos is located on the south side at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and the phone number is 01223 327908.	
USER	Awesome, thank you!	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you, goodbye.	
USER	I want a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. what is the address and phone number?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have found two that may work. first, la margherita is at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, phone is 01223 315232. second one serves vietnamese at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre, number is 01223 362456	
USER	Is there anything else, if so give me their address and phone number.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Those are the only listings in the west part of town. Would you like to change your location or price range?	
USER	No thank you.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	No, that's fine. Thank you!	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you very much for using the Cambridge Restaurant system.	
USER	Any trains leaving after 18:00?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are lots of trains that leave after 18:00. Where would you like to travel?	
USER	I would like to travel to the Stansted Airport and leave from Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great! That narrows it down a lot. What day will you be leaving?	
USER	We will be leaving on Tuesday. Please book four seats on the train and provide the reference number. Thank you!	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	OK, you have 4 tickets reserved on TR9495, leaving Cambridge at 18:40 on Tuesday. The total fee at the station will be 40.4GBP, and your reference number is 4LL98NYC .	
USER	I also need a moderate priced guesthouse.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. I can assist you with that request. How many nights will you be staying?	
USER	i only need the details. is it a 3 star?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	alpha-milton guest house is the only 3 star hotel fitting your description.	hotel
USER	Can I have the address, phone number and the area its in please.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It is in the north, address is 63 Milton Road and the phone number 01223311625. Is there anything else I can assist you with?	
USER	That is everything for today, thank you.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for calling. Please call if you need anything else. Goodbye.	
USER	Please list all restaurants in Cambridge centre in the moderate price range.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 21 restaurants matching your criteria. Is there a type of cuisine that interests you?	
USER	Possibly Italian if that's available for 3 people on Thursday at 13:30.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 2 choices, pizza express serves Italian food with a moderate price range, or pizza express Fen Ditton also in the moderate price range. Which shall I reserve?	
USER	Let's go with Pizza Express, can you book for 3 at 13:30 on thursday please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok. I was able to book the table for three. Your reference number is 0FOAJA8A .	
USER	I need to catch a train to get to the restaurant. Can you help with that too?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You'll have to tell me where you are departing from?	
USER	I'm travelling from norwich.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay thank you. What time would you like to leave?	
USER	I need to arrive by 8:00.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	which day do you want to travel?	
USER	I want to get there thursday please.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR4387 arrives at 07:35, would that work for you?	train
USER	Yeah could I get three tickets please?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 5K7P12XZ .	
USER	Thank you so much, If you can please leave a review for us. I hope your trip is amazing and very enjoyable.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	ok, thank you and enjoy your stay!	
USER	Hello. Could you find a train leaving on Wednesday for me? I need it to arrive by 19:00.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly. Where are you going, and where would you like to depart from?	
USER	I will be leaving Cambridge to go to Bishops Stortford.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR0449 is going to arrive by 18:07 would that work for you?	
USER	Sounds good. Could you find me a cheap eatery near there when we arrive?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure I'd be happy to find a restaurant. Are you looking for one in the centre area?	
USER	Maybe later. What time does my train leave and how much is the ticket?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It leaves at 17:29 and the cost of the ticket is 10.10 pounds.	
USER	How long is the travel time going to be?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It will be a 38 minute train ride	
USER	That will be all. Thank you.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!	
USER	Thanks! Have a great day!	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Goodbye!	
USER	I am looking for something to do in Cambridge, can you help me find something?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have a lot to do there, any specific types of attractions you would prefer?	
USER	I would like to go to a nightclub.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 6 night clubs in the city centre. I would recommend club salsa which is located at 1 station road.	attraction
USER	May I have the phone and please tell me how much it costs to get in.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, the entrance fee is 5 pounds, and they can be reached by phone at 07782218745, is there anything else that I can assist with?	
USER	I also need a train that departs from Broxbourne and arrives by 21:00 on Saturday at Cambridge.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	TR4967 arrives by 20:32 , would you like me to book you passage?	
USER	What time does the train depart from Broxbourne, and how long is the travel time? Also, do you know how much it would be?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The train departs from Broxbourne at 19:32 and travels for 60 minutes. The total would be 14.32 pounds.	
USER	Thank you for the information.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	That is all for today. Thank you.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay. Enjoy your journey.	
USER	Hi. I'm looking for some moderately priced rooms for the night in the centre of town. Where can I go for that?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Cityrooms is the one moderately priced hotel in the area. It has free wifi but no free parking. Would you like me to book you?	
USER	No thank you, I'm just looking for now. That's everything I needed.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Very good. If we can be of more assistance please let us know. have a good day!	
USER	Is Cityrooms 4 stars? I'm sorry I forgot to specify, but I do require it.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It isn't, and unfortunately I don't have a hotel that matches that criteria.	
USER	Okay, how about one in the cheap price range?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have the alexander bed and breakfast or el shaddai. Which would you prefer?	
USER	Alexander Bed and breakfast, can I get the address and hotel type please?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse. The address is 56 saint barnabas road. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	i am also looking for scudamores punting co, what attraction type is it?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	It's a boat attraction in the centre area. Do you want their phone number?	
USER	No, I just need a taxi to get between the two places.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. What time would you like to leave and from which destination?	
USER	I'd like to leave the hotel by 11:45 please.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Your car is a black tesla contact number 07908996217 Will that be all?	
USER	Excellent. That's all i needed.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	I hope you enjoy your visit to Cambridge! See you soon!	
USER	I'm leaving Cambridge and am looking for a train that should leave on Monday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where would you like to arrive? I have some arriving at london kings cross on monday. There are other arrival places also available.	
USER	I need to depart for Birmingham New Street after 20:15. Thank you so much for your help, you're doing a wonderful job!	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay there are several trains that leave after that time to the destination you listed. Would you like a reference number to one of them?	
USER	Yes I would like to book for 4 people and I need the reference number.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would the TR2392 that arrives in birmingham new street by 23:44 be okay for booking?	
USER	That would be great thank you. I am also looking for halal food located in the Centre. Can you help me find one?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no restaurants matching your requirements in that area.	
USER	Can you give me alternate expensive restaurants in the Centre?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several. Do you have any food preferences?	
USER	Yes, please tell me about Italian food.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are four expensive Italian restaurants in the centre region: Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar, Clowns Cafedon Pasquale Pizzeria, and Caffe Uno. Would you like to try getting a reservation?	
USER	I would like to try Caffe Uno.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time would you like your reservation for?	
USER	I would like the reservation for 14:45 for 4 people on Monday, please.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are now booked for Cafe Uno. Your reference number is 0CTGEFMD . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.	
USER	That's all I needed, thank you.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Have a great day!	
USER	I am looking for a train going to stevenage and departing from cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 70 trains, what day and time would you like to go?	
USER	I would like to arrive by 17:00 on Monday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 6 trains available. What time would you like to depart?	
USER	Departure time doesn't matter, I just want to arrive by 17:00 Monday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	In that case, the TR2045 may be the train you want. It pulls into stevenage at 16:10.	
USER	Okay, book it for 8 people and get me the reference number. I'm also looking for a college in the south.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book the train for you. The reference number is NVL339KD .	
USER	I am also interested in visiting some colleges on the southern tip of town. Can you help me find those?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry but I don't have any colleges listed in the south. I have plenty in the city center. Would you like to try a different venue or attraction type?	
USER	Yes, an entertainment venue would be great. Please give me an address to one you find.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Nusha is an entertainment venue in the south. The address is unit g6m cambridge leisure park, clifton road.	
USER	Okay. Thank you very much that is all I need.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you and have a safe trip.	
USER	I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have a listing for arbury lodge guesthouse in the north of town, is that okay?	hotel
USER	What is its rating. I need a 4 star hotel?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes it is 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?	
USER	Yes I need a room booked for 8 people. We will be there for 3 nights starting on Friday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to find you another guesthouse?	
USER	Yes please could you try a different hotel in the same price range?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there a price range you would like to stay within?	
USER	Yes, the same price range as the Arbury Lodge please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are booked at limehouse. Reference number: ZUP4YPXA .	hotel
USER	Okay great. That is all I need.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sounds wonderful. I hope you have a great day.	
USER	I was in a car accident. I need to contact the police, please.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Parkside Police Station is in Parkside, Cambridge. Is this close to your location?	
USER	Yes I'll need their address please.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	They are located at Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG.	
USER	Thank you. That's all I need to know for now.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you need anything else?	
USER	That is all now, thank you. Good bye.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Hope you feel better.	
USER	My wallet was stolen. Can I get some help?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You should contact the police at 01223358966. The Parkside Police Station is located in Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG.	
USER	Thank you goodbye.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. I hope everything works out.	
USER	I need to find a place to eat in the centre, thanks!	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have over 69 restaurants i the center of town. Do you have any food style or price preference?	
USER	I am in the mood for Lebanese food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ali Baba is a Lebanese restaurant in the centre. Would you like for me to book it for you?	restaurant
USER	I'm not sure what time I need just yet. Can I get the postcode?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. It's cb21nt. What else can I assist you with today?	
USER	I'm also in need of a hotel in the same area as the restaurant.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay! Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or in a hotel?	
USER	I'm gonna get wild this weekend, find me a zero-star guesthouse with free parking!	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have the el shaddai that meets those requirements. Would you like to make reservations?	hotel
USER	Definitely! There will be 6 of us, arriving Saturday, and staying for 5 nights.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your reservation for 6 at El Shaddai this Saturday for 6 days 5 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 6NUZQ2BG .	
USER	Great. Can you also get me a taxi to take me from Ali Baba to El Shaddai. I want to leave the restaurant by 05:30.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How many people will be traveling?	
USER	I just need one taxi. Can you book that for me, please?	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07167504810, and it will be a black Honda. Anything else for you today?	
USER	No, thank you. That was it for today. Thank you very much for your assistance. Have a good one. Good bye.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for contacting us at Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a good trip. Goodbye.	
USER	I want to find a restaurant in the north part of town and serves international food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, there are no international restaurants listed in that area. Would you like to try something else?	
USER	Are there any Italian restaurants in that part of town?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes. da vinci pizzeria restaurant in the north part of town and in the cheap price range. Would you like more information for them?	restaurant
USER	Yes, the address and phone number please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Here is the information you have requested. phone number is 01223 351707, and address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Will that be all?	
USER	thank you . good bye	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Goodbye.	
USER	What is the location of the Parkside Police Station?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Cambridge, parkside police telephone number 01223358966.	
USER	I may be close by. What is the station's postcode?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	They are located in Parkside, Cambridge, post code CB11JG	
USER	Thank you for your help. That is all that I need right now.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're very welcome. Have a great night.	
USER	Hello, could you tell me about the swimming attractions around Cambridge. Something pool based please.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The jesus green outdoor pool in north is really nice. Need a phone number?	
USER	Actually, I would like the address, please.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure their address is between victoria road and the river. Is there anything else I may help you with today?	
USER	I am also in need of a train that arrives by 10:15 and goes to norwich. Can you please look that up for me.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure are you departing from Cambridge?	
USER	Yes and I will be travelling on Saturday	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there a time you need to leave by?	
USER	No, not really. But I will need the train ID and departure time.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	TR1062 arrives at 9:55. Their departure time is 8:36. There are trains before that one every hour until 5:35.	
USER	Thank you so much for your help.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Can I help with anything else today?	
USER	no. that is all i needed. thanks. goodbye.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a good trip. Goodbye.	
USER	I want a place to eat in the west.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you have a particular type of food in mind?	
USER	I have a taste for something British.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, there are three options in that area. Do you have a certain price range?	
USER	I want the most expensive one.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There's Graffiti and Travellers Rest. Which one of the two restaurants do you like?	
USER	Travellers Rest sounds good please make a booking for 2 people at 17:00 on sunday.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your table for 2 has been reserved at Travellers Rest and your reference number is BSEJZQE6 . They'll hold the table for 15 minutes past 17:00. Need anything else today?	
USER	I also need a train. Leaving Cambridge on Monday.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	OK, where are you headed and at what time of day?	
USER	i want to go to stevenage	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several trains going to stevenage on Monday, do you have a time preference?	
USER	I would like to get there by 21:30.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, we have train's leaving at 05:21 and every hour after for seven hours. Would you like to book one?	
USER	Just book one that will get me to Stevenage by 21:30 please. 2 Tickets, just like dinner.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your tickets are booked for train TR9082. The total fee is 25.6 GBP. Your reference number is WSUH42EM . Is there anything else?	
USER	Thank you for the booking and reference number. I'll let you know if I need anything else.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	it was my pleasure to help. goodbye.	
USER	What is there to do in the centre of town?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 44 attractions. What type of attraction do you want to visit?	
USER	Possibly a theatre?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I have a listing for 4 in that area,can I recommend adc theatre?	
USER	Ok, what's the phone number for that place?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	You can reach ADC at 01223300085. Is there any other information I can get for you today?	attraction
USER	What's the postcode?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The postcode is cb58as and the address is park street. Enjoy your visit!	
USER	Thanks! I also need some help finding a hotel on the east side.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	How about the express by holiday inn cambridge? It is on the east side & has parking and wifi.	hotel
USER	What star is it ?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	It is a 2 star. Would you like me to book it?	
USER	No, I'm not ready to book yet. Thanks for all the help today, that's all I needed. Good bye.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Let us know if we can help more.	
USER	I am looking for a train from Stevenage for a trip to Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several trains to your specifications. What day and time would you like to leave?	
USER	I need to leave on Wednesday after 10:45	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The earliest train that meets your needs is TR6473, leaving at 11:54 and arriving in cambridge at 12:43. Would you like to book passage on that train?	
USER	Yes I would. There are 3 of us traveling. Could we get a private area on the train?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly, do you have a price range in mind?	
USER	For the train, no. And I made a mistake. I only need a booking for 1 person.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Not a problem at all. Booking for one person was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8WYSLEG0 . Anything else today?	
USER	I also need a place to dine. I'm looking for something cheap in the south.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have found 2 options for you: The Lucky Star, which serves Chinese food, and Nandos, which serves Portuguese food. Shall I make a reservation for one of them?	
USER	Please book Nandos.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. What say and time are you thinking? And for how many people?	
USER	Actually, I'll take care of the reservation. Can I just get the phone number and address for Nandos, please?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, the phone number is 01223327908, and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Can I help with anything else?	
USER	No, that was all the information I needed. Thanks so much. Have a good day.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You too, goodbye.	
USER	Please find me a corsica restaurant.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no corsica restaurants. Would you like something else?	
USER	Are there any gastropub restaurants?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are multiple gastropub restaurants. What area are you looking for?	
USER	I don't care	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are three expensive gastropub restaurants and one moderately priced gastropub. Do you have a preference?	
USER	Could I have the area, address, and phone number of the moderately priced one please?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is located in the city centre on Corn Exchange Street and the number there is 01223 308871. How else may I help you?	
USER	Thank you goodbye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	good day!	
USER	I am looking for a hotel that is in the expensive price range.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 5 hotels in Cambridge that match your request. Is there a particular area of town you are interested in? East? Centre? west? south?	
USER	Any area should be fine. The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok. All five hotels have both free parking and wifi. How does the university arms hotel sound?	hotel
USER	It sounds expensive. Can I have the phone number and area please?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It is in the centre are and the phone number is 0122351241. May I help you with anything else today?	
USER	I also want to go to an attraction in the center part of town.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	How about The Man on the Moon? It's a concerthall.	attraction
USER	That sounds great. May I have the phone number and postcode, please?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Phone number is 01223474144, and postcode is cb12lf	
USER	Thank you. I am looking to get a taxi to commute between the two places.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	That should be easy, I just need a time and which place you will be leaving from.	
USER	I want to leave Man on the Moon at 24:30 and go to the University Arms Hotel.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked you a white Lexus that will arrive by 24:30. The contact number for your driver is 07122328188. Anything else for you today?	
USER	That's all for me, thank you for your help.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm glad I could be of help.	
USER	I have some questions about attractions, today.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What type of questions do you have. I have 79 attractions available what are you looking for and in what area?	
USER	I want to learn about attractions in the west side of town.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Are you looking for a museum to visit? Or would you prefer a college?	
USER	Surprise me :) I need the address, postcode and the entrance fee. I also need a vegetarian restaurant with a moderate price range.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I would recommend churchhill college. It's free to enter. The address is storey's way. The post code is cb30ds. What area should the restaurant be in?	taxi
USER	i don't mind where it is as long as they have vegetarian food.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, I have no vegetarian restaurants available. Is there something else you would be interested in?	
USER	Could you look for an Indian restaurant?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There is an indian restaurant called Meghna in the west. It's moderately priced. Would you like me to book a table?	restaurant
USER	No just provide me their address and phone number.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	sure they are located at 205 Victoria Rd Chesterton, phone is 01223727410, something else today?	
USER	I'm going to need a taxi to get to the two places.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Where do you want to depart and arrive and what time?	
USER	I'm going to need to leave the museum by 9:00.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Your are booked, look for a red volvo, if you need to contact them, their number is 07134286519, any further questions?	
USER	Thank you so much. I don't think I have any questions right now.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Can I look up anything else for you?	
USER	No thank you.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a nice day, goodbye!	
USER	I need a train to cambridge that leaves after 13:30.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several trains that are going to Cambridge at that time where are you departing from?	
USER	I'll be departing from Kings Lynn on Tuesday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train TR4840 leaves at 14:11. Would you like me to book it for you?	
USER	First, I'd like to know the arrival time for it.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That train arrives at 14:58. Is there any other information you need before making your decision?	
USER	No, thanks. I also need a room in the north with free parking.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 2 hotels and several guest houses available in that area. Is there a particular price range you need?	
USER	As long as it is 2-star rated and moderately priced, I'm pretty flexible about all the rest.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay we have the ashley hotel, would you like a booking?	
USER	Yes, please book the Ashley for 2 people and 2 nights starting Tuesday.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. The Reference number is YN5OGYA7 . What else can I do for you?	
USER	That should be all I need. Thank you for your help!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome. Would you like for me to go ahead and book train TR4840 for you?	
USER	No thank you. Good bye.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Enjoy your trip!	
USER	I was hoping to dine at a korean restaurant while in Cambridge.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have a Korean restaurant at 108 Regent St. City center, would you like me to make a reservation?	
USER	What is the price range of that restaurant?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The price range of Little Seoul, the Korean restaurant, is expensive.	
USER	Is that in the centre area? If so I'd like a reservation for 7 on Friday please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes Little Seoul is in the centre area, what time would you like for your reservation?	restaurant
USER	Yes can you please and send me the reference number.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. What time would you like your reservation?	
USER	Can you reserve a table for Friday for 7 people at 15:45?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I sure can. I have your table booked.	
USER	what is the reference number?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your reference number is A5LITXVZ and they will hold the table for you for 15 minutes. Will you be needing other assistance?	
USER	I'm also looking for a train. The train should leave after 13:30 and should leave on Monday.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where are you departing from and headed to?	
USER	I am departing from Cambridge and need to get to Norwich.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The closest train to your departure time is at 13:36 for train number TR3325. Do you want that booking?	
USER	I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay with free wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day will you be arriving at the hotel and how long are you staying?	
USER	I am not sure what day, I am just researching now. I would like to have a 4 star hotel. Are there any options?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have about 11 guesthouses that are available. Do you have a preference as far as area?	
USER	I do not have a preference on area.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can suggest the avalon located in the north it is moderately priced with 4 stars. Would you like to make reservations?	hotel
USER	does it have wifi?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It does have wifi! Will you need parking as well?	
USER	Nope, that isn't important. Can you book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting on Thursday please?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, I've booked you at the Avalon. Your reference number is ZG7G439M . Can I further assist you?	
USER	Yes, I need a train to peterbourough on Sunday.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several trains to Peterborough on Sunday. Where are you departing from and do you have a time in mind?	
USER	I'm looking for a hotel called the a and b guest house. Can you help me out?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, what would you like to know about it?	
USER	I'm hoping to book a room for 8 people on Friday. We will be in town for 4 nights.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to successfully book that for you. Your reference number is XUSQ4E7T . Is there anything else I can do for you today?	
USER	Yes, I need a train that leaves after 9:30	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can help with that. What are your departure and arrival stations please?	
USER	I am departing Cambridge and going to Peterborough, on Tuesday please.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How about TR9522? It leaves at 09:34.	
USER	That sounds good. Could you give me the arrival time and the travel time?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train TR9522 departs at 09:34 and arrives at 10:24. The travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like to book any tickets?	
USER	Yes, please go ahead and book the tickets. Can I have the reference number as well?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	7KKKCLIP is the reference number.	
USER	Thank you so much for all your help today.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I may help you with today?	
USER	No, that is all I will be needing. Thanks again. Bye.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Goodbye	
USER	I'm looking for information on trains from Broxbourne to Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many trains departing throughout the day, which day were you looking to leave?	
USER	Tursday, leaving after 17:00, please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR1828 departs Broxbourne at 17:32, arrives in Cambridge at 18:32. Would you like to book a ticket?	
USER	Yes please. I would like a booking for 5 people and the reference number once the booking has been confirmed.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Reference number is : VRSU89VK . at the price of 89.5 GBP	
USER	I'm also looking for a college to see in the centre area. Can you give me some matches to this criteria?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 13 colleges listed in the centre. Christ's college and downing college both have free admission.	
USER	Christ's college sounds perfect. Can I get the postcode and phone number please?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes. The phone number is 01223334900 and the postcode is cb23bu.	
USER	That's all I need. Thanks.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Have a great day!	
USER	I would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves korean food	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, there are no Korean restaurants in the north part of town. Can I help you find anything else?	
USER	How about any area?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	little seoul is in the centre and serves korean food	restaurant
USER	What is the address and price range?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Little Seoul is at 108 Regent Street City Centre and is an expensive restaurant. Do you want the phone number?	
USER	No thank you, goodbye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our system. Good bye	
USER	Hi, can you give me information on trains? I need to leave from London Liverpool Street on Sunday, heading to Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, there are several leaving every 2 hours. The ride is 88 minutes long. Can I reserve a seat for you?	
USER	Can you reserve a seat for me on a train that arrives at Cambridge by 20:30?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have one arriving at 19:07 would that be okay?	
USER	Yes. What is the price and train ID of that one?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The trainID is TR8260 and the price is 13.28 pounds. You said you wanted one seat reserved for this train?	
USER	Yes please. I am also looking for a restaurant in the west side of the city. I would like it to be an expensive restaurant.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have several places, which type of food do you prefer?	
USER	I don't have a preference, but I'd like to book the same day for 2 people at 13:15. I also need the reference number.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What date would you like the reservation for?	
USER	On Sunday as well. May I also have the reference number please?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I reserved you a table at Graffiti. It's a great british restaurant in the west. Your reference number is SSXX4DVL . Is there anything else I can help with?	restaurant
USER	No thank you. Appreciate your help.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It was my pleasure. Have a wonderful evening. Goodbye.	
USER	I'm looking for a train to stevenage, leaving on Sunday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train TR8464 leaves at 11:21 and arrives at 12:10. Would you like to book that one?	
USER	No, I need to leave some time after 14:30, and I'll be traveling to Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many trains at that time, where are you leaving from?	
USER	Im leaving from Cambridge and going to Stevenage.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	the 1st train out of cambridge going to stevenage is at 15:21 arriving at 16:10. shall I get a ticket for you?	
USER	Before we do that are there any attractions that feature a swimming pool in town?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, there are 2 in the north, 1 in the east and 1 in the centre. Which would you be interested in?	
USER	What is the name, entrance fee, and phone number of the one in the center?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The name is Parkside Pools. The entrance fee is not listed in our database, but you could probably get it by calling them at 01223446100.	
USER	Do you have entrance fees for any of the others?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Actually none of the pools in our database have an entrance fee listed. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	No thank you that is all the information I need today.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a pleasant trip! Goodbye!	
USER	I need a train from peterborough going to cambridge. Can you help me?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The next train departs Peterborough on Friday at 05:19 and scheduled to arrive in Cambridge by 06:09. Do you want a different departure time?	
USER	I'd like to leave after 11:45 on Thursday, please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There's a train scheduled on Thursday from Peterborough to Cambridge, leaving at 11:19 and arriving at 12:09. Will this work for you?	
USER	With our schedule, we can only go on a train that leaves after 11:45. Is there one leaving later?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is a train that leaves at 12:19 will that work?	train
USER	That sounds great. Can you please book 7 tickets on that one?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Reference number is 3854SJZ8 . Do you need help with anything else?	
USER	Thank you. Yes, I do need a place to dine. I would like an expensive restaurant in the north.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you have a particular type of cuisine in mind?	
USER	Any type is fine. I'd also like the phone number of the restaurant.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I recommend Restaurant Two Two. It is a French restaurant in the north. The telephone number is 01223351880. Would you like me to book a reservation?	
USER	What type of food is it?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	As mentioned before they are French.	
USER	Thank you. I missed that before. Screaming kids, you know.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, I can hear them. How else can I help you today?	
USER	Thank you so much for your help.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Happy to help, goodbye..	
USER	I'm looking for this restaurant called city stop restaurant	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	i've got their information, what would you like to know?	
USER	I need their postcode and price range.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	City Stop Restaurant is in the expensive price range and their postcode is cb41uy. Is there anything else you need assistance with today?	
USER	I need a 3 star guesthouse to stay at please.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 4 places that fit what you are looking for. Do you need me to narrow down the list for you?	
USER	Do any of those places include free parking?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Hamilton lodge is 3 stars with free parking and internet located at 156 chesterton road. Phone 01223365664. Would you like me to book a room for you?	
USER	I need a place to stay and I want it to be a guesthouse.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 24 guesthouse listings. What area would you like to stay in?	
USER	I like the south part of town and should include free wifi	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have the aylesbray lodge, bridge guest house or rosa's bed and breakfast. Would you like to book one today?	
USER	Does either have free parking?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, they both do. Shall I book one?	
USER	Yes, please book for Thursday for 2 nights and 3 people.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book aylesbray lodge guest house for you. Your reference number is NIFUTFQF .	hotel
USER	Thank you. Can you also help me find a restaurant that is expensive and in the same area as the hotel?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 5 expensive restaurants on the south side. You can pick from Chinese, Indian, Italian, or Mexican. Mexican one is chiquito restaurant bar.	restaurant
USER	Mexican sounds good. Please book it for the same day --Thursday and for the same three people at 17:30.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking was successful they will hold your table for 15mins. Your reservation number is YOLN1H2G . Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	Perfect, thanks! Can you also find me a taxi to commute between the two places? I'd like to get to the restaurant in time for that reservation.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	aylesbray lodge guest house to chiquito restaurant bar Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow bmw Contact number : 07430668137	
USER	Thanks a lot goodbye	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would that be all?	
USER	I'm looking for a moderately priced guesthouse for the night.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	For that price range, I have several guesthouses. Do you have a preference on the area of town you stay in?	
USER	Yes, I'd really like to stay on the west end of the city. Anything available there?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How about Hobsons House? It is a moderately priced guesthouse in the west end.	hotel
USER	Does that place have free wifi?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes the place provides free wifi.	
USER	Thank you, can you book me for 7 people and two nights, beginning on Sunday? May I also get a reference number?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking was successful and reference number is Q1P81Y9Z . Can I assist you with anything else?	
USER	No thanks, that is all.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you, if you need anything else let me know.Good Bye.	
USER	Can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free wifi?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	i have many options for you. are you looking in a particular area?	
USER	Yes, I would prefer it to be in the north.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That narrowed it down a little bit. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?	
USER	A hotel please. I also need free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 2 hotels that have what you are asking for. Both are 2 stars and offer free parking and wifi. Ashley Hotel and the other is the Lovell Lodge.	
USER	Can you book a room at the Ashley for me? 5 people, 5 nights, and we'll arrive on Tuesday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, you have the rooms. Reference number is : HX250ZFS . Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	Great I also need a train going to cambridge on tuesday as well.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?	
USER	i just want to get there by 19:00	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where are you leaving from?	
USER	I'm leaving from Broxbourne.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay the TR7598 leaves at 16:32 and arrives at 17:32.	
USER	Can you book that train for five people?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I sure can. That total charge is 89.5 GBP and the reference number is OTQM5TP5 .	
USER	Great, thanks for all of your help today. I won't be needing any further help. Bye.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	No thank you that will be all	
USER	I am looking for information in Cambridge	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, and what kind of information can I retrieve for you today?	
USER	I need to know if any trains are running to Broxbourne on Saturday that arrive by 10:30.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR1997 leaves Cambridge at 09:01 on Saturday and arrives in broxbourne at 10:01. Will that work for you?	
USER	Great can you get me 8 tickets please?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book you. Your reference number is E7AJ44N7 .	
USER	I also need to find a guesthouse to stay in that is 4 stars.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	we have quite a few when were you planning your stay?	
USER	Do any of them have free wifi?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes there is internet.	
USER	Ok great, I need a room booked for 8 and for 5 nights starting on the Monday.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd be happy to help with your request, which place did you want to book a room at? There are 18 results and all have free wifi.	
USER	You can just pick one for me. I'd like a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi. I need a room Monday for 5 nights and 8 people.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, I've booked your room for 8 people starting on Monday at the A&B Guest House. Your reference number is C6M738RF . Anything else for you today?	
USER	No, that will be all. Thanks. You've been a great help. Goodbye.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye	
USER	I am planning a trip in Cambridge.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Please provide more specifics so I can help you.	
USER	Can I get some information on milton country park?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, it's free admission and address is milton country park, milton and post code is cb46az.	
USER	Can you tell me what area Milton Country Park is in and what the entrance fee is?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	It's in the north and has free entry. Will that be all?	
USER	I also need a train for Saturday, traveling from Cambridge to Norwich and I'd like to arrive by 12:15. Can you help with that?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 6 trains matching your request that leave starting at 05:36 each hour until 10:36. Do you have a preference as to the train you want?	
USER	No. Just one that can fit 5 people.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay how about the TR9588. It leaves at 10:36 and arrives by 11:55.	
USER	Sounds great. Please book and provide me with a reference number.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Here is your refrence number XXSU6ZFV . The price is 70.40pounds	
USER	Thank you so much. That's all I need today. Good-bye.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our service!	
USER	I am looking for an attraction in the centre of Cambridge.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several attractions in the town centre. Are you looking for a particular type?	
USER	Yes, please find any museums in the town centre.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There is the Whipple Museum of the History of Science located in the town centre, on free school lane. Is there any thing else I can help you with?	attraction
USER	I need the postcode. Also, is there any place in town serving barbeque?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The museum's post code is cb23rh. Sadly, there are no restaurants serving barbeque. Is there something else you might be interested in instead?	
USER	I am also interested in a moderately priced place I can get barbeque.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I do apologize there are no restaurants serving barbecue. Is there something else you might be interested in instead?	
USER	Are there any places that serve gastropub food?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is a moderately priced gastropub in the center of town. Would you like a table there?	restaurant
USER	Sure! For 5 people at 13:45 on Sunday please. Thank you!	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	They are not available for that time, is there another day and or time that you would like me to check?	
USER	Sure, would 12:45 be available?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright, you're booked for 12:45. Your reference number is DXMY5V92 .	
USER	I would also like to book a taxi that arrives by 12:45 to the restaurant. I would also like its contact number and car type.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to get a blue lexus and their number is 07087322851	
USER	Perfect. Thank you very much for your help.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome! Enjoy your stay.	
USER	I'm looking for a pleasant guesthouse to stay in. Would you be able to help me find one?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure! What area would you like to stay?	
USER	I would like to stay in the north. I would also like the guesthouse to have free parking and wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How about the acorn guesthouse?	
USER	It has free parking and wifi? Sounds great.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How many nights would you like to book it for?	
USER	Just get me their phone number.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number is 01223353888.	
USER	Thanks. I could also use some help finding out about a train going into Cambridge.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I will need departure city, time of arrival or departure and day of travel please.	
USER	Day of travel is Tuesday and departure city is Ely and to arrive by 12:45	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have train TR3412 that arrives at 11:52 in Cambridge. Would you like me to book it for you?	
USER	Can you give me the departure time and price, please?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It departs at 11:35, and costs 4.40 Pounds. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	That was all I needed. Thanks!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Thank you! Goodbye.	
USER	Tell me a good nightclub.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, there are 6 fantastic nightclubs in Cambridge. They're located in the centre or south. Would you like more information?	
USER	Yes, please may I have the postcode for the first one listed?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. Ballare is in the centre, postcode cb23na. Anything else I can do?	
USER	Yes. I would like an expensive restaurant in the same area.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of cambridge - are you looking for a particular type of cuisine?	
USER	Yes. I would like a French restaurant please.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There is a delicious french restaurant called Cote. Would you like a reservation?	
USER	I actually need a place serving modern european food, please.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There is one expensive restaurant in the centre of town that serves modern european food. Would you like me to book you a table at Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop?	restaurant
USER	Yes, please book at table for 4 at 19:15 on Saturday.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have your reservation all set. Your reference number is X0TX9LWM . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else I can do for you?	
USER	That's everything I needed. Thanks!	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Glad I could help! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre today.	
USER	I want to get a taxi to pick me up from the Cambridge train station please.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time would you like to depart at?	
USER	I'd like to leave after 09:15.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Where is it that you would like to go?	
USER	I want to go to county folk museum	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked a white volvo to leave at 9:15 from Cambridge train station. Your contact number is 07504297575	
USER	Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great! Have a nice day!	
USER	I am looking for a 3 star hotel to stay in.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 6, 3 start hotels in Cambridge. Do you have a preference for the part of town it is located in?	
USER	The hotel should be in the expensive price range.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, I've got two that fit the bill. One in the centre of town and one in the south. Do you have a preference?	
USER	I do, yes. I would like to stay in the center of town. I need it to fit five people, for 3 nights, starting Wednesday afternoon.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I am very sorry, but I was unable to book a reservation for you. Would you be willing to book a later day or would you be willing to have a shorter stay?	
USER	Lets try just booking it for one night.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I apologize. One night is not working either. There are guesthouses.	
USER	What about the 4 star hotels?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I do have a four star hotel in the centre of town, but it is also unable to accommodate your guests for 3 days. Can you adjust your length of stay?	
USER	Can we book the other expensive 3 star hotel for one night starting on wednesday?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I reserved Wednesday night at the University Arms Hotel for 5 people. Your reference number is GM90EY8A . Is there anything else?	hotel
USER	Yes, I also need a train leaving after 18:30 from kings lynn to cambridge.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure I will be able to book you a train, on what particular day will you want to travel?	
USER	same day as my hotel booking.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How many tickets do you need?	
USER	Great! I will need 5 tickets.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are booked for Train Tr5556, your reference number is JA6WAOJC .	
USER	Thank you. What's the travel time?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	travel time is 47 minutes	
USER	Thank you very much.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	No, that is all I need. Thanks!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	No trouble at all, I hope you have a wonderful stay!	
USER	I need a train departing Cambridge that will arrive by 17:00.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would be happy to help you find a train leaving Cambridge. In order to better help you can you let me know where you are traveling to, and what day you are looking to leave?	
USER	I am going to Norwich and I want to leave on Thursday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR1584 arrives by 10:55. That should give you plenty of time.	
USER	Okay, can you please make a booking for 8 people?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes I was able to make a booking and your reference number is 2IFP2I1S .	
USER	Perfect! Can you also find me a restaurant?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What type of restaurant are you looking for?	
USER	Modern Eclectic please	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm afraid I could not find a modern eclectic restaurant. Would you be interested in a gastropub?	
USER	No, but an expensive Mediterranean place in the center of town would work.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What price range? I have a few options for you.	
USER	Something in the upper range, over 20 a place.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are two Mediterranean choices: la mimosa or shiraz restaurant. Which one do you prefer?	
USER	I've heard great things about La Mimosa. Can you book a table for all of us at 10:00 on the day we arrive?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Table for 8 at La Mimosa on Thursday at 10:00. The restaurant will hold your table for up to 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : F56UFR10 .	
USER	Thank you for booking that for me.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a nice day, goodbye!	
USER	What is the address to the hospital in Cambridge?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Address is Hills Road. Is there anything else?	
USER	Can I also get their phone number please?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number is 01223245151.	
USER	Thank you! Can you also help me find a hotel?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I sure can. What kind of hotel are you interested in, in what part of town and what's your price range?	
USER	I'd like a 4-star place with free wifi and parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have 3 hotels and 16 guesthouses across town to choose from! Do you have any preferences?	
USER	I would like to book the hotel for 8 people spending Wednesday and Thursday night.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, I can help you with that. Was there a particular area of town you were looking for?	
USER	Well, I was going to visit Christ college so same area is that. I forgot to ask you earlier, I always confuse hospitals and colleges.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Christ College is in the Centre. Would you like me to look for a hotel there?	
USER	it doesn't matter. i will be looking for a taxi to commute between the two places.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have found a guesthouse and a hotel in the Centre near Christ College. The guest house is priced cheap and the hotel is expensive. Do you need a booking?	
USER	Please book the hotel for 8 people starting on wednesday for 2 nights.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have made reservations for your party of 8 at the University Arms Hotel. Your reference is JN4ZA7ED . Is there anything else I can help you with today?	taxi, hotel
USER	Yes, please. I need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	How many people will be traveling?	
USER	8 people will be traveling.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	What time would you like the taxi for?	
USER	I want to leave by 21:00.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay! You'll be picked up in a grey Toyota, and the phone number is 07183775918. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	Okay. Thank you for all your help.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	What else can I look up for you?	
USER	no Have a nice day.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you, let me know if I can assist with anything else.	
USER	I want a train that leaves on wednesday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, I'd be happy to book that for you. Where would you like to go?	
USER	I'm going to Cambridge from New Street in Birmingham	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How about train TR0014, leaving at 05:40?	
USER	I need to make sure that I will arrive by 09:15?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yeah, that train will get you there by 8:23.	
USER	Great. I'm also looking for information on the Ugly Duckling restaurant.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Ugly Duckling is a fantastic Chinese place in the center of town. It's expensive, but worth it. I'd be happy to book a table, if you like.	restaurant
USER	Yes, please! I'd like a table for 1 at 15:15 on the same day as the train.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : QLK6MOBC . You are all set! Anything else I can help with?	
USER	Nope, that's it. Thanks for your help.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Bye.	
USER	Is there a train I can take to cambridge that leaves after 18:00?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely. Where are you coming from?	
USER	I'm departing from birmingham new street.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have train TR8903 that leaves at 18:40 and will arrive in Cambridge at 21:23. Would that interest you?	
USER	Yes please book me for one ticket.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : KHBLJGHN . Is there anything else I can do to assit you today?	
USER	Also looking for a guesthouse in the cheap price range.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Are you going to stay in a specific area of town?	
USER	The area of town is not important, but I would like a hotel with free parking and four stars.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have the allenbell would you like information on that?	hotel
USER	Yes please. Can you tell me anything about it- How big are the rooms? Do they offer suites?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I don't have that information in front of me I can give their phone number	
USER	Yes, I need the phone number please!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	01223210353 is the phone number	
USER	Could you go ahead and book me the guesthouse?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day would you like the reservation to be on?	
USER	I am not looking to book just yet, actually. Just please find information on guesthouse in the cheap price range.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have several to choose from is there an area you'd prefer?	
USER	It needs 4 stars please.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok! I highly suggest the Leverton House. What information are you looking for?	hotel
USER	I just need their phone number please.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, the phone number is 01223292094. Can I be of further assistance?	
USER	No thank you that is all I needed.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome, have a good day.	
USER	I am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you have any other preferences, such as a price range or a particular part of town?	
USER	Indeed I do. I'd like a hotel in the expensive price range that's on the west side of town. The hotel should have a 4 star rating.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is a match! Would you like me to book a room?	
USER	So that's a hotel and not a guesthouse? And do they have free parking?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, it's a hotel that has free parking. Should I make a booking for you?	
USER	No thank you. I also would like a place to go in town.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I see many art galleries and museums in that part of town, do you have a preference for one over the other?	
USER	I am looking for a college.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several colleges,what part of town would you like ?	
USER	It doesn't matter, pick one for me? I'll just need the address.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, I suggest clare hall. It is in the west. The address is herschel road. Entrance is free.	
USER	Thanks. Now I just need a taxi to pick me up at 22:00 from the Huntingdon Marriott and take me to Clare Hall. I'll need car type and contact number	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Your car is booked. The care type is a blue toyota. Your contact number is 07372726556	
USER	Thank you. That is it for now.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome! Have a wonderful day!	
USER	I'm looking for a 2 star hotel in the north.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have two hotels meeting your criteria. Ashely Hotel located at 74 Chesterton road and Lovell Lodge located at 365 Milton road.	hotel
USER	I would like to book at 74 Chesterton Road.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great, how many people will be staying? Also, how many days you will be staying?	
USER	Wait, before we do that I should probably check on the prices. What sort of room rates am I looking at?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It appears to be in the moderate price range. Would that work for you?	
USER	Yes that would work	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay great, so how many people will be staying and for how many nights?	
USER	There will be 5 people for a total of 4 nights starting from Monday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book your stay at ashley motel. Your reference number is KJHYRDCA . Is there anything else today?	
USER	Okay thank you for everything.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you, enjoy your stay.	
USER	I need to book a taxi from Saint Johns Chop House to Williams Art and Antiques please.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Not a problem, I will need your preferred pick up and arrival times in order to book your cab.	
USER	The taxi should leave by 3:15.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked a taxi for you! The car is a yellow honda. The contact number is 07799036655. Is there anything else you need today?	
USER	I'm sorry, could you make sure the taxi is actually leaving after 3:15? I made an error earlier.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	No problem, a blue lexus will pick you up at 3:20. The contact number is 07581540721. Will there be anything else?	taxi
USER	That should be perfect!	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It was a pleasure to help you.	
USER	Thank you so much!	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you let me know if you need anything else.	
USER	I want to find out if there are any places to dine that serve Australian food in the centre.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately, there are not. Do you want me to run another search?	
USER	What about an expensive restaurant in the centre?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure I have many types of cuisine to choose from: African, French, Asian Oriental, British, European..any preference?	
USER	I'd be interested in any serving British food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, how about midsummer house restaurant located at midsummer common?	restaurant
USER	Sounds great. Please book me a table for Wednesday at 16:00 for 5 people.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : W3Y6OCL8 .	
USER	Thank you, I'm also looking for a hotel with free parking and wifi. Can you find me one?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure i will find you one thanks i lot and welcome again	
USER	Are there good hotels that you can book?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes we have 33 locations, do you have any requirements?	
USER	I need it to have free wifi and priced moderately.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That cuts it down to 17 possibilities. Can you tell me the area of town you are interested in staying?	
USER	I want the north area.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have two 2-star hotels available. If you'd like something rated more highly, there are also several guesthouse options that would meet your needs. Any preferences?	
USER	Are any options able to accommodate 6 people for 5 nights, starting Tuesday, with free parking? Hopefully, near some attractions too. Oh, and I almost forgot, may I get a reference number?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I booked the Acorn Guesthouse for you. Reference number is B1QXF4T2 . Did you need to look up some attractions?	hotel
USER	Yes please. What do you have in the same area as the hotel?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	We have boating, a park, and two swimming pools. Do you want more information on any of these?	
USER	Boating sounds fun what's the entrance fee? I also need the phone number and address.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The entrance fee for riverboat georgina is only available at the location but it is located at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and you can reach them at 01223902091.	
USER	Thanks. Can you book me a taxi to take me from Acorn Guesthouse to the Riverboat Georgina by 20:15?	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	You are all set. Look for a red Ford, contact number 07682372972. May I be of any further assistance today?	
USER	I have everything I need. Thanks for all your help!	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay great, have a nice day!	
USER	I am looking for a hotel call arbury lodge guesthouse.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is located at 82 Arbury Road in the north side of Cambridge. Do you need more information or would you like to book a room?	
USER	I would like to book it for 4 nights for 4 people please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Will you be needing a reference number?	
USER	Yes please, a reference number would be great!	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, I can help you with that. What day do you plan to check in?	
USER	i want to check in on tuesday	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking was successful. Reference number is : OE6IHAT2 . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?	
USER	Yes, i am looking for colleges to visit on the west side of town.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are five. Three that are free, and two that have an entrance fee.	
USER	Get me a phone number for one that is close to the hotel and is free.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Well then should I search for a college in the north instead, if you want it close to your hotel?	
USER	Make sure you get contact number and i'll be there as soon thank you	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry for the confusion, which college do you want a contact number for?	
USER	that's okay, give me the number for the college closest to the hotel and is free, may I know the address as well?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are not any colleges located in the north actually.	
USER	none in the west, I talked so someone earlier	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	None in the north 5 in the west, I personally recommend churchill college entrance is free, any further questions?	attraction
USER	Could you give me the address and phone number?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Their address is storey's way and their phone is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can do for you today?	
USER	I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Which will be your departure site? What time do you want to leave or to arrive?	
USER	I will need to be picked up at the hotel by 4:45 to arrive at the college on tuesday.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	All set, the car is a white volvo, Contact number is 07321652724, any other questions?	
USER	No I believe we got everything covered today.Thanks. Goodbye.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Happy to help. Please let us know if you need anything else.	
USER	I could use some help finding a train for my stay with you.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That won't be a problem. Can you please provide me with some addition details? For example, what day and time you'd like to travel?	
USER	I would like to travel on Sunday please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Any more details you would like to provide? The TR7423 leaves Cambridge on Sunday at 5, heads to London Kings Corss and arrives at 5:51.	
USER	Oops. Sorry. My travel day is Monday not Sunday. What do you have for that day.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many trains running on Monday, what is your arrival destination?	
USER	My arrival destination is Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay when would you like to leave by?	
USER	I want to arrive by 15:45	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What is your departure site?	
USER	Kings Lynn. I need 5 tickets and my reference number	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR2257 will arrive at 14:58. Should I go ahead and book 5 tickets for this train?	
USER	Yes that would be great also I need the reference number after you book it.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, my booking system seems to be down. Can you try again later?	
USER	Yea that is okay THank you	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train TR2257 has been booked for 5 seats. Your reference number is E720WBAI . Can I assist you with anything else today?	
USER	no thanks that's all	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our service today!	
USER	Are there any British restaurant that serve moderate priced food?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 5 available. Do you prefer the area of centre or west?	
USER	I don't care, just local.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Saint johns chop house is a moderately priced British restaurant in the west of town.	restaurant
USER	Could you book a table for 8 at 19:45 on Tuesday?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I found this restaurant. This is at 4 Kings Parade City Centre.	
USER	Thank you. Could you book a table for 8 on 19:45 on Tuesday?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely! Your reference number is T4M08E7A . Anything else I can do for you?	
USER	I am looking for a place to stay. Is there a guesthouse-type hotel in the west that has free parking? It doesn't need to include internet.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have 21 entries that match that criteria. Do you have a further preference?	
USER	As long as I can book it for eight people I do not have a preference otherwise	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright. Let's just try to narrow it down a bit. Does the price range matter?	
USER	The price range does not matter. It needs to be a guesthouse and located in the west with free parking.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 2 choices that match. I would recommend Finches Bed and Breakfast as it meets your criteria, is cheap and has 4 stars. Shall I book it?	hotel
USER	Yeah, I've heard good stuff about Finches', could you give me the most earliest available dates for the place? I need to get a reservation as soon as possible please.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What day would you like your reservation and for how many nights? Also, how many guests will there be?	
USER	There'll be 8 guests and we'll be staying on Tuesday.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How many days would you like to stay?	
USER	We will be staying 2 nights starting on Tuesday.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, but there are no vacancies at that time. Would you like to try a different day or perhaps a shorter stay?	
USER	Would it be available for just one night?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, you're booked for one night with reference number RAHZVKVN . How else may I assist you?	
USER	Oh, yeah, can you get me a car from dinner to the hotel leaving at 21:45?	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok. A white ford will pick you up at Saint Johns Chop House at 21:45. The contact number is 07368759455. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	That's all I needed. Thank you.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day!	
USER	Yes, hopefully you can help with some information on a particular hotel?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What hotel are you interested in?	
USER	It is called home from home. I was wondering what type of hotel it is and the star of the hotel.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Home from Home is a 4 star, guesthouse type hotel.	
USER	Thanks, that is all I need on the hotel but can I book a train from cambridge to stevenage, I need to arrive by 20:45 and leave at 05:00.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'll be more than happy to help you book the train. What day do you want to leave?	
USER	I would like to leave on Thursday.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have trains available would you like me to book that for you?	
USER	I just need the departure time and price please	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	leave at 5:21 and arrive by 6:10 for 12.80 pounds	
USER	Am looking for the nearest police station	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It looks like the Parkside Police Station is closest to your location, does this sound right?	
USER	That looks right. What is the phone number for that location?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Telephone : 01223358966 there you go	
USER	Thank you. That's all I need.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our services.	
USER	I want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town. What is the phone number and address?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	restaurant alimentum is a moderately price restaurant in the south area of town. their phone number is 01223 413000 and their address is 152 - 154 Hills Road.	
USER	Thank you, goodbye	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome and thank you for calling. Goodbye.	
USER	I am looking for places to go. preferably a museum in west.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several museums in the west. Is there a particular type of museum you are interested in?	
USER	No, I'd just like it to be in the west. Can you pick one and provide a phone number?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, the Lynne Strover Gallery is free. The phone number is 01223295264. Anything else I can help with?	attraction
USER	Yes I am looking for a train on friday that should depart from cambridge.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are over 200 trains leaving from Cambridge on Friday. Do you have departure time and destination?	
USER	Yes, I want to go to bishops stortford and leave after 20:00 please.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	TR4664 departs at 21:29. Would you like me to book that for you?	
USER	I was first wondering the price of that train and what time it arrived. Oh! I also forgot to ask for the postcode of the Gallery!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	No problem. The gallery's postcode is cb30aq and the train to Bishops Stortford is 10.10 pounds per ticket and will arrive by 22:07. Would you like to book this train?	
USER	Yes please! Can I get the arrival time and train ID, please?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The arrival time is 22:07 and the trainID is TR4664.	
USER	Thank you, this is very helpful.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you like me to book this train for you?	
USER	No that is not necessary. Thanks for your help, that's all I need for today.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using this system.	
USER	Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is not a restaurant matching your request. Would you like another restaurant?	
USER	Yes, how about european food instead.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	cambridge lodge restaurant is a nice restaurant serves european if you want something in the west .	restaurant
USER	Could I have their phone number and address?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Cambridge Lodge restaurant is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223 355166.	
USER	thank you good bye	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	glad we could help!	
USER	I'm looking for a place to stay, I would prefer a hotel in the expensive price range.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have lots of those. Did you have something a little more specific in mind?	
USER	Whatever you'd recommend. I would prefer free parking and wifi, though.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I like the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. Can I get you some more information on that one?	hotel
USER	no, let's just book it.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sounds like a plan. May please get the number of guests, the day of arrival, and how many nights you will be staying?	
USER	I would like it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from monday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, your reference number is RKEFYHM0 . Will that be all?	
USER	Can you also find an attraction called Milton Country Park?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes it is located at milton country park, milton and the postcode is cb46az	
USER	Could you tell me what kind of attraction that is?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. Milton Country Park is a park. Can I help you with anything else today?	
USER	No. That will be all. Thanks so much for all your help. Goodbye	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you, have a good day.	
USER	Where do I get info on hotels?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You can get information here, through our help desk.	
USER	A hotel that has free parking and in the north part of town. I would like one in the moderate price range.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge meet that criteria, would you like me to book one of them for you?	
USER	Yes please book the The Ashley Hotel for 7 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was successful in making your reservation. Your reference number is 2W4KNZYJ . Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	I would also like to find a boat attraction in the same area.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The Riverboat Georgina would work. It's in the north. Do you need more information?	attraction
USER	Yes, I'd like the phone number and postcode.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number is 01223902091 and the postcode is cb43ax.	
USER	Okay thank you that is all I need.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yeah, happy to assist. Let us know if there is anything else you need.	
USER	I really have to run. I'm late for work. Goodbye.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a great day!	
USER	I'll need a taxi to pick me up today after 02:45	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly. Can you tell me your departure and destination locations?	
USER	I'm departing from nusha and I want to go to pizza hut city centre.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're all set! Booked car type : yellow tesla Contact number : 07359534792	
USER	Thank you so much, you've been very helpful.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We are glad to help. Do you need any further assistance?	
USER	Thats perfect that you for your help	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a wonderful day.	
USER	I need help finding places to go in town. I want to go to nightclub type attractions in the centre of Cambridge.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, how about Club Salsa? Or the Soul Tree Nightclub? There are 3 more options if you'd like me to list them.	
USER	Do any of them have an entrance fee?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Soul tree nightclub has an entrance fee of 4 pounds. The other 4 have a fee of 5 pounds.	
USER	Okay, thank you. I'm also looking for a train that arrives in Kings Lynn by 20:00.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I also need to know you departure location please.	
USER	The departure location is Cambridge and the day is Thursday. Thanks!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you like me to book the TR0481. It arrives at 19:58.	
USER	Can I book that for 4 people please?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : YY5OJFYH .	
USER	Thank you. That is all I need today.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, great. I hope you have a wonderful time! Please call back if you need anything else.	
USER	Thanks for all your help	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!	
USER	What is there to do or see for entertainment?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are many options, including a boat, college, architechture, and theatre.	
USER	What is in the centre?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are still 44 entries including options like architecture, theatre, museums, concerthall, etc. Do you think you can narrow down your options a bit?	
USER	If there is nothing under entertainment, do you have a museum you can recommend?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you have a price preference?	
USER	No, I don't mind paying admission.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	OKay then I would suggest great saint mary's church	attraction
USER	Sound good. Can I get their address, phone number and entrance fee please?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure! The address is Market Square. Phone number is 01223350914 and it costs 2 pounds to get in.	
USER	Thanks. I also need help with lodging in the moderate price range with free wifi, please.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The cityroomz hotel is located in the centre and has free wifi. Would you like to make a reservation?	
USER	Do you happen to have any guesthouses in that area?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I don't. Would you like to try a different location or price?	
USER	Yes please find me a guesthouse in the north, in the moderate price range that includes free wifi.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	of how many stars do you prefer?	
USER	I have no preference.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The Avalon is a guesthouse in the north, in the moderate price range, with free wifi. Do you want me to book it? I will need your details.	hotel
USER	Yes please. I need the reservation to be for 5 people.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I can do that for you. What day do you want to book the hotel for?	
USER	Saturday or tuesday.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Which day do you prefer?	
USER	I would prefer Saturday please.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	do you want to book for one day?	
USER	I want five nights.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Reference number is : G1KVK1RL	
USER	Thanks. I will also need a taxi from great saint mary's church to the Avalon guesthouse.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	When do you want to leave or arrive by?	
USER	I'd like to leave the church by 12:00, please.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay. No problem I have you booked into a red Lexus and their contact number will be 07211078651.	
USER	Thank you, goodbye	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our service today.	
USER	I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is in the west part of town, and it serves European food.	restaurant
USER	Thank you. Can I have the address please?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes. Their address is 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.	
USER	Thank you. I would like their price range and phone number as well please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is in the expensive price range and the phone number is 01223 355166.	
USER	Thank you, goodbye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Goodbye.	
USER	Goodbye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Enjoy your dining experience.	
USER	Can you tell me about any german restaurants in the east part of the city?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm not finding a German restaurant in the east part of town. Would you like me to try other parts of town?	
USER	yes please. tell me if there are other restaurants in the east as well.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 9 restaurants in the east, including british, chinese, gastropub, indian, international and italian. Do you need more information?	
USER	Indian sounds good.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are four Indian restaurants in the east part of town ranging from moderate to expensive. Do you have a preference?	
USER	Can you book a table at your favorite expensive one? There will be 4 of us at 15:15 on Friday.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	the sitar tandoori seems appropriate. i have booked it for you.	restaurant
USER	i am also looking for a place to stay	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, I forgot to confirm your reservation at Pipasha Restaurant. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number : CF1YTOAV . What type of hotel would you like?	
USER	Expensive hotel, free wifi and parking, 4 star, please.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have two hotels that fit your criteria. Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is located in the west, and the University Arms Hotel is in the centre. Which would you prefer?	
USER	How about Huntingdon Marriott Hotel? I need a reservation for 4 people for 3 nights starting on Friday.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok. I reserved those rooms for you. Your reference number is FWZ4XMJO .	
USER	Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a lovely visit. Goodbye.	
USER	I need some recommendations for attractions in Cambridge at the centre, what would you suggest?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there a specific type of attraction you are most interested in? The centre has many different kinds of attractions from museums to theaters. Do you have a preference?	
USER	No, I don't have a preference. May I please have some suggestions?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	If you're in the mood for boating there is The Cambridge Punter at 251a Chesterton Road, or maybe a movie? The Vue Cinema is at Grafton Centre, East Road.	
USER	Could you also provide me with the postcodes for these establishments?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes All Saints Church is at jesus lane and is free	
USER	Hi there, I'm trying to find a train that leaves from Leicester but it must be after 11:15. Can you help me book a ticket?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I see there is a train on Friday that leaves leicester at 14:09 to Cambridge, could you book me a ticket for this train?	
USER	Please book me a ticket for that train.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Did you only need one ticket?	
USER	I just need the train ID please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The train ID is TR6247, would you like to book a seat?	
USER	No thank you. That's not necessary. Can you help me find an indian restaurant in the centre of town?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 9 restaurants in that area. May I ask what your budget for lunch is?	
USER	Nothing expensive please.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are three cheap resturants int hat area, kohinoor, the gandhi, and mahal of cambridge.	
USER	The Ghandi sounds nice. Can I get their address? And they are a cheap restaurant, right?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, the gandhi is in the cheap price range. Their address is 72 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to book a table for you?	restaurant
USER	No thank you, their information is enough at this time. Do they have a phone number?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, their phone number is 01223353942. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	I need a train from leicester on thursday and should leave after 11:15.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have a 12:09 that arrives at 13:54. Would that do for you?	
USER	Yes, that would be fine. Could I get the train ID?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The train ID is TR8882. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	I think that is all for now.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The duration of the trip is 105 minutes. Have a great day!	
USER	Do you have any suggestions on a place in the centre to eat. I would like it to be expensive please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there any particular cuisine you prefer?	
USER	No, I'm not particular in fact I would like to try something exotic. Can you also give me the address please?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I recommend Bedouin at 100 Mill Road City Centre. Can I help you with anything else today?	
USER	Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and is in the same area as the restaurant.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Cityroomz looks like a good fit. Would you like to book that?	
USER	Hmm, that name doesn't inspire a lot of confidence. How many stars is it rated?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Cityroomz is rated as zero stars. If you're looking for something more highly regarded the Gonville Hotel is 3 stars and the University Arms gets 4. Do those sound better?	
USER	What price range is the University of Arms in?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The University Arms Hotel is in the expensive price range.	
USER	Would you like to book that?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you need any more information about the University Arms Hotel?	
USER	Yes, just give me their phone number if I want to reserve something I'll call them myself.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number is 01223351241. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	Can you please confirm for me if the hotel has free wifi and what part of town it is in? Thanks.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The hotel has free internet and is in the center. The address is regent street cb21ad.	
USER	Thank you! That's all I needed today. Bye!	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great, thank you for using our service. Have a great day.	
USER	Hi, I am looking for information on a place to stay.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, are you looking for anything specific?	
USER	Yes a four star hotel that is cheap.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel with a 4 star rating. It's at Back Lane, cambourne. Can I book it?	
USER	Is that a guesthouse? That is the type I am looking for.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 7 guest houses that are cheap, which part if town did you have in mind?	
USER	I don't care about price. I just need a place to stay in the north that's 4 stars.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are eight guesthouses in the north. I recommend home from home it has free internet and parking. Would you like me to book that?	hotel
USER	Yes, I would appreciate it if you would book that.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Can you tell me the day, number of nights and how many guests please?	
USER	Our stay will start on Tuesday for 4 nights. Our party includes 8 people.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, your booking was successful. The reference number is DB9C3OVK . Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Will you need a restaurant booking or attraction information? I can also help with transportation.	
USER	no that will be all.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you and have a great day.	
USER	Please have a taxi pick me up from riverboat georgina	taxi, attraction, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, What time do you want to be picked up?	
USER	I want to be picked up at riverboat georgina around 11:15. I need to get to cambridge arts theatre. What is the car type and the contact number?	taxi, attraction, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, what time do you want to arrive by?	
USER	I need to arrive by 11:15.	taxi, attraction, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Your taxi has been booked, you will be riding a white tesla with the contact number 07492127564. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	Nothing else for now. Thank you for booking the taxi. Goodbye.	taxi, attraction, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.	
USER	I am looking for the gonville hotel. Can you help me?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, would you like some information or do you want to go ahead and book it?	
USER	Could you check to see if they have booking for 3 people and 2 nights starting from thursday?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no rooms available for that time. Can I find a different hotel for you?	
USER	Yes,please try South part of town,thank you.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can book a room for you at bridge guest house. Your reference number is C147JV9N . Will that be okay?	hotel
USER	That's great. Thank you.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay is there anything else I can do for you?	
USER	No that will be it. Thank you.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our system!	
USER	I need a taxi from thanh binh.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great. I can help with that. What will your destination be?	
USER	Prezzo is my destination	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking is complete, a grey honda will pick you up.	
USER	Thats perfect that you for your help	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a great day.	
USER	I am looking for a restaurant.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What type of food are you looking for?	
USER	I'm looking for unusual food. And I want a place in the centre of town.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I don't have anything matching unusual but I do have an African restaurant in the center of town as well as some gastropubs. Would either interest you?	
USER	I'll take something that is cheap.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are a total of 15 restaurants that are cheap in the centre. Is there another type you would like to try?	
USER	Do you recommend a restaurant that is a little more different then the rest?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would recommend golden house	
USER	Is that Italian? I would like an Italian restaurant, please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, how about the pizza hut city centre? I heard it's pretty good.	restaurant
USER	Okay, that sounds good. I need to make a reservation for 2 people on Tuesday.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time would you like to visit?	
USER	How about 13:15?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book the table for you. It will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 97AAF776 .	
USER	That's great, thank you.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Awesome. Have a good day!	
USER	Hi, I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and serves European food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I show 5 listings. Would you like a certain area of town?	
USER	No specific area, but I would like it for Friday.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, I recommend City Stop Restaurant. What time would you like the reservation for and for how many people?	restaurant
USER	I'd like to make reservations for 7 people at 11:15 on Friday please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You have a table reserved for 7 on Friday at 11:15. Your reference number is V2IWL8VW .	
USER	Thanks, I'm also looking for a train for Friday that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 08:15.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	And where will you be coming from?	
USER	I'll be coming from Peterborough. All 7 of us will need tickets for the train.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR0035 arrives by 08:09. Does that work for you?	
USER	Yes, please include the reference number.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes of course, the reference number for the train is MU82CCWU .	
USER	Thank you, that is all for today. Goodbye.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a great day!	
USER	Can you find a room available at a 4 star hotel with free wi-fi?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The huntingdon marriott hotel is a 4 star hotel with Internet in the west. Would you like me to make a booking?	hotel
USER	Is the place expensive?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes it is an expensive, I have listings for another place that is cheap if that is what you need.	
USER	I would prefer the expensive hotel. Please book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was unable to book the hotel for that day. Would you like to try the cheap hotel?	
USER	No, I'd like to keep looking for an expensive hotel.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there a certain area you would like it to be in?	
USER	North part of town,please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to successfully book you at the university arms hotel, the reference number is 1F6HEPGZ .	hotel
USER	Thank you very much. I appreciate your help.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	No problem. Will that be all for today?	
USER	Yes, that will be all for today, goodbye.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our system!	
USER	I am looking for a place called Cherry Hinton Water Play	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	It's located on cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road, cb18dw. Their phone number is 01223446100. Will that be all?	
USER	I also need their postcode.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	the postcode is cb18dw	
USER	I'm also looking for a restaurant. Do you have anything cheap that serves Indian food?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, we have cheap Indian restaurants in both the centre and northern parts of town. Do you have any preferences?	
USER	Can you suggest one thats in the north? I would just need the name and address please. Thanks.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	How does royal spice sound? They're on Victoria Avenue in Chesterton.	taxi
USER	I would need a taxi to travel to cherry hinton water play from the restaurant.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	What time do you need that taxi?	
USER	I want to leave royal spice by 11:45 please	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	A blue tesla will pick you at 11:45 from royal spice. There contact number is 07346133095. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	No, that will be all today. Thank you.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.	
USER	Can you help me find a train going to cambridge that arrives by 18:30?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, I think I can help you. Where will be coming from?	
USER	I will be departing kings lynn.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR3677 arrives at 17:58. Would you like to book it?	
USER	Yes for 2 people on a Tuesday please. And I would like the reference number.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm going with TR5793 since you are travelling on Tuesday arriving at the same time. The total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4NLGW7WM .	
USER	Thanks so much. Can you also help me look for the Carolina Bed and Breakfast?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Carolina Bed and Breakfast is in the East, it is a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room?	
USER	Yes please. Two nights from Tuesday for two people.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I got your room booked at the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. Your reference is FYLDIZUF . Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	I need a room for the same group of people for 1 night on the same day. And I need the reference number then too please	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok I will book it for you	
USER	I would like a 3-star hotel with free WiFi, please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, there are 5 different options to choose from. What area will you be staying in?	
USER	I don't have a particular area in mind but I do also need free parking please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How about the hamilton lodge. It is in the north of town and meets your requirements including parking.	hotel
USER	that sounds nice but will you book it for 7 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking was successful, the reference number is CUY4J5PR . Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	Yes, I'm also looking for a cheap Chinese food restaurant. Can you recommend one?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, there are 4 options. I recommend charlie chan. would you like a booking?	
USER	I should have mentioned I am looking for a restaurant in the centre. Sorry about that.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, the three results are the same. I still recommend charlie chan. Do you need more help today?	restaurant
USER	Yes, please book that restaurant for me. It'll be 7 people on wednesday at 14:45. I'll definitely need a reference number.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, I am unable to book it for that time. Do you have another time that will work?	
USER	Thanks for trying. Let's do Thursday, please.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking is all set your ref number is 05MF6IQL	
USER	That's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you enjoy the rest of your day!	
USER	I will be going to Cambridge to do the tourist thing and would like a hotel in the moderate price range.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have many moderately-priced places to stay! Are you interested in staying in a particular area?	
USER	No, but I definitely want a four star hotel.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	we have a variety. if we can narrow down by need of internet and parking	
USER	Actually are any of them 4 stars?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, 11 of them are 4-star hotels. Do you need one with internet and/or parking?	
USER	i'd like free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would recommend the kirkwood house, located on the north side of town at 172 chesterton road. Would you be interested in booking a room?	hotel
USER	Not yet, but I would like the postcode.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The postcode for the Kirkwood House is cb41da. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	I am also looking for places to go in town, preferably in the centre.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The center offers architecture, colleges, boats, cinema, concert halls, museums, nightclubs, parks and theatres. What appeals to you?	
USER	How about a concert hall?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The Man on the Moon is the only concert hall in the area of centre. I have no info on their entrance fee but their phone is 01223447144.	attraction
USER	Thank you. Can I also get the address and postcode?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	the address is 2 norfolk street and the postcode is cb12lf. any other information you'd like to have?	
USER	Thank you for your help. That's all for today.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a wonderful time.	
USER	Thank you, take care!	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Enjoy your stay!	
USER	I need to catch a train in Broxbourne on Wednesday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What time would you like to leave Broxbourne?	
USER	I need to arrive in Cambridge by 17:15 please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is a train arriving in Cambridge by 7:32.	
USER	Train ID please and thank you	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd suggest TR5972, it departs at 15:32 arrives by 16:32. It costs 17.90 pounds per ticket.	
USER	Thank you I also would like a place to eat in the centre that serves afternoon tea food.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	No record match your search, can I try anything else?	
USER	How about one that serves international food?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have the varsity and the bloomsbury restaurants when would you like to book	restaurant
USER	I would like to book at Varsity for 5 people around 20:45 on the same day I arrive.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	No problem! I have a table booked for you. Your reference number is KFUNWVWH . What else can I do for you?	
USER	Nothing else for today. Thank you.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a good day!	
USER	I would like to dine at a restaurant serving Indian food on the east side of town. Any suggestions?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay there are four different restaurants. What is your price range?	
USER	Price does not matter.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would recommend Pipasha Restaurant.	restaurant
USER	Great, can you book me for 5 people at 11:45 on tuesday?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MLAA1D4V . anything else i can help you with today?	
USER	I also need to travel by train to Norwich, some time on Tuesday after 14:30.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is a train departing Cambridge for Norwich at 14:36 on Tuesday. Would you like me to book this?	
USER	Yes please and I need a confirmation number	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It has been booked! Reference number is BSJKVN2Y . Do you need anything else?	
USER	Thank you goodbye	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, have a great day!	
USER	I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	We offer lots to do in the center of town. We have everything from boats and parks to nightclubs. Are you in the mood for anything particular?	
USER	Do you have any suggestions? I would just need the postcode and phone number and let me know what kind of attraction you suggest. Thanks!	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	If you are interested in architecture, there is All Saints Church. The phone number is 01223452587 and the postcode is cb58bs.	
USER	Great, thank you so much! I will check it out.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!	
USER	I need help finding a place to eat that is moderately priced and located in the east.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have three restaurants with that information,can I ask what type of food you are looking for to narrow it down?	
USER	I would like an Italian restaurant.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Pizza Hut Fen Ditton is the only moderate Italian restaurant in the east. Would you like a reservation?	
USER	Yes, please, I would like a reservation for 4 people at 1:45 on Saturday.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was unsuccessful. Want to find another restaurant?	
USER	Are there any other restaurants in the same area in the moderate price range?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes I have several Indian restaurants if you are interested.	
USER	Sure. Please book me at one of those.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'd be happy to. What day and time would you like the reservation, and for how many people?	
USER	4 people at 13:45 on saturday, please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I've booked you a table for 4 at 13:45 at Curry Prince. Your reference number is GE1NWVTX . Is there anything else I can help with today?	restaurant
USER	No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your meal!	
USER	I'd like to book a taxi. I need it to arrive by 14:15 and my destination is Cambridge Lodge Restaurant.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you, but before I can create your booking I need to know where you'll be departing from.	
USER	I will be departing from Jesus Green Outdoor Pool.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking was successful. Your car is a red honda and its contact number is 07924138056. Can I assist you with anything else today?	
USER	What type of car is it? And is there a contact number?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, I can repeat it. A Red Honda car and the contact info is 07924138056. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	than you very much. that is all i need today.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.	
USER	I'm looking for a place called maharajah tandoori restaurant. Do you know it? It's a restaurant.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, it's a luxurious place on the west side. Would you like the number, or a reservation?	
USER	Yes, I would like to make a reservation for 6 people at 19:30 this Saturday. Could I also get the reference number?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes! Your all set confirmation number is QX0059LN, anything else today?	
USER	I was hoping to find a hotel that is 4 star.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What part of town are you looking at staying in?	
USER	I don't care, just as long as it's in the moderate price range.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You have 11 options. They are all guesthouses. Would you like free parking or internet at your location?	
USER	Oh, I really prefer a hotel. Maybe you could find someplace that is cheap instead?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	the cambridge belfry is in the west. It's a cheap 4 star hotel. Are you interested in booking a night?	hotel
USER	Yes book it for Saturday. 6 people, 5 nights.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are all set, the reference number is OEX7Z2S0, can I assist with anything else today?	
USER	That is all I need.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for calling and if you need anything else don't hesitate to call again. Enjoy your dinner and hotel stay!	
USER	I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of town and it needs to be in the expensive price range.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What type of food are you interested in having?	
USER	I'm open to anything. I need a booking for 5 people at 12:00 on Wednesday. Give me the reference number please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You have a reservation for 5 at the Asian restaurant, Kymmoy at 52 Mill Road City Centre for 12:00 on Wednesday, reference number CL644V0R . Anything else I can assist with?	restaurant
USER	Thank you very much, yes, I also need to book a train ticket. I'd like to take the train on the same day and arrive by 09:45 if possible.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 84 train departures with this criteria. Where are you departing from or where is your destination?	
USER	I'll be leaving from kings lynn. Any train that gets me there close to the arrival time will be fine.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have a train that leaves Kings Lynn on Wednesday at 08:11 and arrives at 08:58. Will this work for you?	
USER	That works perfectly. Please make the booking for five people, and include my reference number, thank you.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great it's all booked your reference number is 5X6H64MG .	
USER	Thank you very much for your help. Have a great day!	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are very welcome! Before we end the conversation, did you need any other assistance?	
USER	Nope that should do it	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright. Enjoy the rest of your day!	
USER	I am planning a trip in Cambridge	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	OK, what type of information are you looking for?	
USER	I need to find a train to arrive on Saturday by 11:45 going to Cambridge from Bishops Stortford.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train number TR6163 leaves Bishops Stortford at 05:29 and arrives in Cambridge by 06:07. Would you like a ticket for this one?	
USER	Yes, I would like a ticket for one please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking was successful. Your reference number is CQB3NI5K . Is there anything else?	
USER	How much is the ticket going to cost me? Do I pay you?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The cost of the ticket is 8.08 GBP and it's payable at the station. Anything else I can help you with?	
USER	Yes, can you help me find places to go in town?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, is there a specific type of attraction you would like to see?	
USER	Yes, what do you recommend for entertainment?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I suggest the funky fun house on the east side of town!	attraction
USER	Ok great! What type of entertainment is that?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	it's listed as "entertainment"	
USER	Of course. Can you tell me the address and entrance fee please?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate is the address but there is no entrance fee in our data base	
USER	Thank. That is all I need.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Happy to have been of assistance. Please let us know if there is anything else we can do for you. Goodbye.	
USER	I am looking for a hotel with free parking in the North.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 11 places meeting your needs. Do you prefer a guest house or a hotel? Also, do you have a price range in mind?	
USER	A hotel and it needs to have free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are only two hotels that fit your needs. They are the Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge. Would you like to book a room with either of these?	
USER	I'm sorry. Can you try a guesthouse? Still north w/free parking. Thanks and sorry!	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The guesthouses in that area range from cheap to moderate in price. I recommend the Archway House, with 4 stars.	hotel
USER	Perfect, please book that for 1 person, 2 nights, starting on friday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That booking was unsuccessful, perhaps a shorter stay? Or a different place?	
USER	Let's try just one night then.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Excellent. You are booked- Reference ALKK8MTG . Anything else I can help you with?	
USER	I am looking for a multiple sports event. Can you find one for me?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure the only one in town is in the east and is the cherry hinton village centre. Would you like their phone number?	
USER	Actually, I wanted to stay in the centre. Can you see if there is something there?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There is not a multiple sports event there, but there are 4 theatres and one swimming pool.	
USER	Are there any colleges? If so, can you choose the best one and give me the address, postcode, and entrance fee?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are a number of colleges in centre city, I would recommend Downing College on Regent Street, cb21dq, the entrance is free!	taxi
USER	Terrific. I would like to book a taxi between the two places.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure! Can you confirm your departure and arrival locations and a time frame, please?	
USER	I want want to leave the hotel by 02:45.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	The Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow toyota Contact number : 07736257134	
USER	I am searching for a guesthouse in town that has free parking, do you know of any?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 21 guesthouses with free parking. What are your preferences for area or price range so I can narrow the search?	
USER	I don't care what the price is but do you have anything in the east?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 5 hotels in the east. Three are inexpensive and two are moderately priced. Would you like me to book one of those for you?	
USER	Yes, find me some place that 7 people can stay for 3 nights. We'll be arriving on Monday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you prefer one with free internet?	
USER	That doesn't matter to me.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, I've booked you at Autumn House with reference number 6OSPYSH1 . May I help with anything else?	hotel
USER	That's all I need right now. Thank you for your help. Good bye.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our system!	
USER	Hey, any entertainment type places in this town?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, the Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds and Funky Fun House are in the east, the south has Tenpin as well as Nusha, and Whale of a Time in the west.	attraction
USER	Could I get the Cherry Hinton Hall's phone number, entrance fee, and postcode?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	You might have to call, I do not have an entrance fee listed. The number is 01223446104 and postcode cb18dw.	
USER	I am also looking for information on the ashley hotel.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	What information can I provide for you?	
USER	I would like to book it for 3 nights starting Sunday. For 5 people, please.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book it, reference number 6BIQ6UWS	
USER	Great! That was all I needed.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Hope you have a great trip!	
USER	Hi, can you help me find a place to stay? I'd like a hotel on the north side, please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Acorn Guest House is a 4-star guesthouse in the North. It has free parking and wifi, and is in the moderate price range. Would you like a room?	hotel
USER	That sounds like what I am looking for. Yes, I'd like to book a room.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great! When would you like to stay?	
USER	I would like to book a room for 3 days starting Tuesday. There is a total of 3 people.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sorry, they don't have those dates available. Would you like me to try for other days or another location?	
USER	Can you try for just 1 night then?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sorry, the Acorn is not open then, shall I try somewhere else that fits your criteria?	
USER	Yes, whatever you can find.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Good news, The Acorn just opened up for one night. Your reference number is UKMNFD3Q . Can I help you with anything else today?	
USER	Thanks, I think that's all I need right now. Bye	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Glad I could help. Have a nice stay. Bye.	
USER	I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What type of food would you like?	
USER	Turkish food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have two restaurants in the Centre area of town. Would you like the information for both?	
USER	Yes, please give me the one Turkish food restaurant's phone number and address please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre, phone number is 01223 362372	
USER	thank you.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you.	
USER	I am looking for a German restaurant in the west part of town.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no German restaurants in the west part of town. Would you like to make another query?	
USER	How about Italian?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several Italian restaurants in the west part of town. La Margherita is cheap and Prezzo is moderate. Would you like the address of one of those?	
USER	What is the phone number of one of them?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number to Prezzo, which is moderately priced, is 01799 521260. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?	
USER	Thank you goodbye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	thank you. good bye	
USER	I'm looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 21 results. Is there a certain area you'd like to stay in?	
USER	I'd like to stay in the centre please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	May I recommend Alexander Bed and Breakfast. They are a four star guesthouse in the cheap price range with free wifi and parking.	hotel
USER	That sounds like exactly what I need.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	They are located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road and their phone number is 01223525725. Can I make a booking for you?	
USER	Yes. I would like to book for Tuesday for 3 nights for 2 people.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You have a reservation for 2 people for 3 nights, starting Tuesday at the alexander bed and breakfast. Your reference number is : H3PIALJO . Can I assist with something else.	
USER	I am also looking for the Restaurant "The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway". Do you know it?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I found the good luck Chinese food takeaway is in south side of the town and price range is expensive. Do you want me to book a table?	
USER	Yes for Tuesday at 14:00 on Tuesday please.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How many people will join you?	
USER	It will be for two people. I will also need a taxi and to make sure it arrives at the restaurant on time. I need the contact number and car.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there a certain time you want to leave?	
USER	Sorry, did you get a reservation made for the restaurant?	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sorry, yes, the reference number for the restaurant is STX7467S .	
USER	That is everything that I need.	taxi, restaurant, hotel, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We thank you for using our services. Goodbye.	
USER	I'm looking for a restaurant in west part of town with cheap food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 2 restaurants in that area that serve cheap food, one that serves Italian food the other Vietnamese, are you interested in either of these?	
USER	Can I get the address and phone number of the Vietnamese one?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course! The phone number for Thanh Binh is 01223362456. How else may I help you?	
USER	I'm looking for attractions in the category of colleges, any suggestions?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I am showing a wide selection for College Attractions. To better assist me was there anything specific you were wanting to do, and was price a concern?	
USER	What areas of town are they in?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	They're located in either the centre or the west.	
USER	Tell me about the ones in the west. And can I get the address for Thanh Binh?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The address for Thanh Binh is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Is there a particular type of attraction that you would like to know more about?	
USER	No, I also need a taxi to get between the two place.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I would need to know what attraction you are looking at before being able to book a taxi.	
USER	Yes, it's going to be one of the college...I need a suggestion for that. I need to leave the attraction by 2:00 to go to the restaurant.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	There are a couple of good colleges to visit in that area. Would you like to go to one that is free?	
USER	Sure, that sounds great. I just need that taxi to take me from Thanh Binh to the college.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	How does Churchill College sound? I can definitely reserve a taxi for you. What time would you like to arrive at the restaurant?	taxi, attraction
USER	I want to get to the college by 02:00.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	It has been booked the car will be a yellow audi contact number 07021104597.	
USER	Okay great, that's all I needed today!	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Wonderful! Have a great day!	
USER	I need the location of Addenbrookes Hospital, if you don't mind.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?	
USER	No particular department, I need the address and postcode please.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge. Post code is CB20QQ.	
USER	I need a train out of peterborough on wednesday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	we have a variety so if we can narrow down by giving departure time good with you	
USER	Yes, I need to arrive in Cambridge at or a little before 21:45.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have several trains available. What time would you like to depart?	
USER	Whatever the closest train to arriving before 21:45 is will be fine with me.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I got 1 ticket for you on TR8935 it will arrive by 08:09. Your reference number is C0M3TLKH . Anything else today?	
USER	Can you cancel that and get me 5 tickets instead of 1 please?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, this is the new information : Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 0196JVLZ .	
USER	Thank you so much! I also need some entertainment in the centre. What do you recommend?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	All Saints Church is nice if you like architecture! It is on Jesus Lane and the entrance fee is free!	
USER	I would prefer a lively college in the centre, please.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay! How about Christ's College?	attraction
USER	sure, i just need the address, postcode, and entrance fee.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Christ's College is free to enter, and they're located on Saint Andrew's Street in postcode cb23bu.	
USER	Ok. Thank you. That's all for now.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	thank you for using our services	
USER	Have a great day!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a nice day.	
USER	I am planning a trip in Cambridge	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can help you find what you are looking for.	
USER	Thank you! Can you help me find a train to Norwich, please?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes if you can tell me where you will leaving from and what day and time?	
USER	I'll be leaving Cambridge on Monday at 9 PM.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Train 2662 leaves Cambridge at 21:36 and arrives in Norwich at 22:55. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?	
USER	I need the train to arrive by 21:00. Is there one at that time?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	May I recommend the TR9246 train arriving at 20:55	
USER	yes book that for 3 people please	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 8L54O12B .	
USER	I am now looking to dine at mahal of cambridge	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you like more info or for me to book it?	
USER	what kind of food do they serve and how expensive is it?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It is a cheap Indian restaurant. Would you like to book a table?	
USER	No. I think that is all.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I can assist you with today?	
USER	Actually, I would like to book a table at that restaurant.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	On what day would you like a reservation?	
USER	Come to think of it, I won't need a reservation. That will be all for today. Thanks for your help!	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	No worries we are here if you need us, have a nice day.	
USER	Great. I'll call back if I need anything. Goodbye.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	My pleasure. Have a great day. Goodbye.	
USER	Please show me where the nearest hospital is	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The nearest hospital is The Addenbrookes Hospital located at Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode CB20QQ.	
USER	Thank you. Can you book a taxi to take me there?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, what time would you like the taxi to pick you up?	
USER	Nevermind, I don't need a taxi. Thanks for your help.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What can I help you with?	
USER	That's all. Thank you, good bye.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!	
USER	Hi, can you help me find a place to stay on the north side?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 13 hotels on the north side of town, do you have any preferences for price range, internet or parking?	
USER	Yes, are there any expensive ones? I also would like free parking as well.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately I can't find any expensive hotels with free parking.	
USER	How about something in the moderate range?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I found the acorn guest house. Can I book this for you?	hotel
USER	That sounds great! Can you see if you can get me a room starting Friday? We'll be staying 4 nights, and there will be 2 of us.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	OK, you're all set for 4 nights at the Acorn, reference #9PD946FD . Can I help with anything else today?	
USER	No, that's all I need. I appreciate your help!	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a great day!	
USER	I need a train leaving on monday after 18:45.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are a lot of trains running then. Did you have a particular station you were going to or leaving from?	
USER	Yes, I need to travel from Kings Lynn to Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have train TR1978 that departs at 19:11 and arrives by 19:58. Do you think that would be a good fit for you?	train
USER	That would be great can you get me 4 tickets for that?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	That has been booked. Your reference number is SGEZXO5V .	
USER	I would also need a place to stay in a guesthouse with free parking	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Allenbell is an affordable guesthouse in the area. How does that sound?	hotel
USER	Is it cheap? And do they offer free parking?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	They have free parking and internet. Is there anything else you would like to know?	
USER	Can you book it for the same people for 5 nights starting on the same day	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have that reservation made for you the reference number is 2U1NU0BI .	
USER	Thank you. That is all for now.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	its been a pleasure to serve you.	
USER	I am looking for a museum on the east side.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, there are 4 museums available. Three of them are free.	
USER	Can I get the address to one?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, the cambridge artworks is located at 5 greens road. Is there anything else you need?	taxi
USER	Could you give me the postcode, too?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The postcode is cb13ef. It is a great museum.	
USER	Thank you, can't wait to go! Can you help me with one more thing? I need to find a guesthouse for us in the north.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There are several, all are in the moderate price range. Do you have any other preferences?	
USER	Not really. I won't be needing free parking.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay I recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like their information?	hotel
USER	Please book for 8 people for 5 nights starting from saturday.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Acorn Guest House will be expecting the 8 of you to arrive on Saturday and stay for 5 nights. Your Reference number is : VXH2CWOR . Is there anything else?	taxi
USER	Awsome! I also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 19:00.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Where will you be leaving from and what is the destination?	
USER	I'll need to go from the hotel to the museum. I'd like to leave by 19:00 please.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	I have booked you a taxi. A yellow Tesla will arrive to pick you up by 19:00. The contact number is 07384178468. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	Thank you. That is all I need.	taxi, hotel, attraction, bus, police, restaurant, train, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome, enjoy your holiday in Cambridge.	
USER	Can you give me information on a particular attraction, called kambar?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, it's a nightclub in the centre of town.	
USER	Great, could you also provide me with the phone number?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Of course, the phone number for Kambar is 01223842725. Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	I want to also eat Indian food. What expensive restaurant do you have?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	We have many options for Indian. How about Saffron Brasserie at Hills Road City Centre. Phone 011223354679. Anything else?	restaurant
USER	Great. Could you make a reservation for 7 people at 17:30 on Monday?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 7E8IT3A0 . What else can I help you with today?	
USER	No. That will be all.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our services, feel free to contact us any time for assistance.	
USER	thank you for helping	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our service today.	
USER	I'm looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range and in the town centre.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great! We have a wide variety of foods to try. Are you interested in a particular type?	
USER	I would like to try gastropub. Do you have one that serves that?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is a restaurant called the cow pizza kitchen and bar on Corn Exchange Street. Would you like me to book a table?	restaurant
USER	No thank you. Can you tell me the postcode, address, and phone number please?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The postcode is cb23qf. The address is Corn Exchange Street. And the phone number is 01223308871. Anything else I can help you with?	
USER	I'm looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and is a guesthouse, what is there like that?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Acorn guest house looks like it matches your criteria, would you like to try that?	hotel
USER	Great, can I get their postcode, address, and phone number?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There phone is 01223353888, postcode cb41da and address 154 chesterton road. Would you like me to book there for you?	
USER	Yes that would be great. Thank you.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, what days would you like to book your stay?	
USER	I would like to book it for 3 nights starting Friday.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How many people would you like to book this for?	
USER	Actually I'm not sure yet how many people will be with me. Can you just give me their phone number for now?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. Their phone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	No, I do not think so. Thank you for your help!	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are very welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!	
USER	I would like to find a place to go in the centre of town, that includes multiple sports	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately, I am not finding anything that meets your criteria.	
USER	Are there museums instead?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 11 museums in the centre of town. How about Castle Galleries in unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street?	
USER	That would be perfect. Thanks for all your help. Have a good night.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else you need help with?	
USER	No, that's all.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, then, enjoy your day.	
USER	Yeah, my wife and kids are demanding Spanish food. Can we keep it on the cheap side, please?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	La Raza is an inexpensive Spanish restaurant at the centre. Would you like the address?	restaurant
USER	Yes, I would like the address please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	4 - 6 Rose Crescent postal cb23ll, can I assist with anything else today?	
USER	We are also looking to visit a local museum. Do you have any recommendations?	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	What area would you like?	
USER	Something close to the restaurant would be nice.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Broughton House Gallery is located in the centre at 98 king street. It has free entrance.	
USER	What is the entrance fee and address? I think this sounds like a great place to visit.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Broughton House Gallery is completely free. The address is at 98 King Street.	attraction
USER	Thank you that was all I needed.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Your welcome. It was a pleasure assisting you today. Have a wonderful day.	
USER	i need a place to go in cambridge that has sports in the centre	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The only sports area in town is in the east. Would you like to look for a different type of attraction?	
USER	Sure. I'd like to find something in the area of architecture.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 5 different options, the Holy Trinity Church is free and it is a must see attraction!	
USER	Ok. What is the phone number for Holy Trinity Church?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number is 01223355397.	
USER	Can I have the address and phone number, please?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure thing, the phone number is 01223355397 and the Holy Trinity Church is located on Market Street. Is there anything else that I can do for you?	
USER	Can you find me an expensive place to stay, it should be only 4 stars and include free wifi and parking.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you like it to be in the West or Centre?	
USER	It doesn't matter. Could you also get me the postcode for Holy Trinity Church? I forgot to ask.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	cb23nz is the postcode	
USER	What area is it in?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	It is in the centre area, can I assist with anything else?	
USER	No that will be all thank you so much.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're very welcome! Bye!	
USER	I need to book a train to cambridge on wednesday	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Understood. Where do you want to depart from and by when do you want to arrive?	
USER	I'm leaving on Wednesday from Stevenage.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 10 results. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?	
USER	I would like to leave after 12:30 please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	train TR7411 leaves at 13:54. would that be good?	
USER	Possibly. What is the price for that ticket?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The price of that ticket would be 12.80 pounds. Would you like me to reserve your ticket?	
USER	could you tell me how long the train ride will be?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The travel time is 49 minutes. What else would you like to know?	
USER	That's all the information, about the train, that I need right now. Can you help me find a restaurant that serves Indian food?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Definitely! My favorite is Tandoori Palace, which is in the center and expensive. If you want something a little cheaper, I recommend Kohinoor.	
USER	Let's go for Tandoori Palace. I need a reservation for 2 people at 20:15 on Wednesday.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 4ZBNKZ8U .	
USER	Was it booked for 2 people?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes it was booked for 2 people reference number 4ZBNKZ8U .	
USER	Fantastic. That is all.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.	
USER	I'm looking for find more information about an attraction I want to visit. What can you tell me about Gallery at Twelve a High Street?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	That's a museum on the east side, with free admission.	
USER	What is their postcode?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Their postcode is cb15dh. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	Yes, I am coming from peterborough to cambridge, I need to take a train that will allow me to arrive by 08:15	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	What day will you be traveling on?	
USER	monday is fine	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	well I can put you on the tr6741 you will arrive at 08:09, how many tickets please?	
USER	i want to make a booking for 6 people.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay great! Your reference number is HAXFBKAP, is that all you needed?	
USER	Yes, thank you for all your help. Have a good day!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Do you need help finding a restaurant? Cambridge has all types of cuisines.	
USER	thank you for all your help. Have a good day!	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Goodbye	
USER	I'm needing a place to dine. It needs to be an expensive Brazilian place.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately, I don't happen to show any restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you like me to try looking for a different price range or cuisine type?	
USER	British food, then.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have six. Do you have an area preference? Graffiti, on the west side, is popular.	restaurant
USER	All right, I'll try that. I need a reservation for a party of 5 at 11:00 on Thursday.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : P15GVV9V . Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	No that was all I needed, thanks so much, goodbye!	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome! Have a great day!	
USER	Can I book a taxi today, please? I'm going to Avalon.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would be happy to help you. First I will need to know where you are departing from and what time you want to arrive/depart.	
USER	Pick me up at the pizza express Fen Ditton and take me to the avalon before 21:00. Can I get the car type and contact number?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	A red lexus will pick you up by 21:00. Your contact number is 07323820078.	
USER	I need to be at the avalon by 21:00. The taxi will have to arrive slightly earlier to get me to my destination on time.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Oh, I am very sorry for my error. You will arrive at Avalon by 21:00. I reserved a blue lexus with new contact # 07060980339.	
USER	Thank you so much for your help.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Let me know if there is anything else you need.	
USER	I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is in the cheap price range.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have two restaurants that meet your requirements. Do you have a cuisine preference?	
USER	I would like Italian food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, there are no restaurants matching your request. Would you like to try something else?	
USER	I don't care.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Nandos is cheap restaurant in the south part of town serving Portuguese food. Would you like their phone number?	restaurant
USER	Yes, also I will need their address.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Would you also like the phone number?	
USER	Yes, please give me their number.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The phone number for Nandos is 01223 327908. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	No, thanks. I'll head to Nandos now. Goodbye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a nice day!	
USER	I'm hoping to find a restaurant in the centre that serves British food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	How about the oak bistro on Lensfield Road?	restaurant
USER	What is the price range? It needs to be moderate.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Oak Bistros price range is moderate would you like more information on it or to book a table?	
USER	I'd like a table for 3 people at 11:00 on Friday, please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The oak bistro is fully booked. Do you want me to try another restaurant in the centre serving moderate British food?	
USER	Yes, please try another restaurant in the center serving moderate British food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book restaurant one seven, reference number is XXZ4D253 .	restaurant
USER	Sounds wonderful, thank you for your help. That is all I need. Bye.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.	
USER	I am looking for a place to stay. Can you help me out?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure. Are you looking for anything in particular?	
USER	In the East and must be a hotel	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have one listing for express by holiday inn cambridge,will that be okay?	hotel
USER	That would be fine.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you like me to book a room for you?	
USER	Yes please for 2 people for 4 nights starting from Friday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	sure thing, your all set. Confirmation # is ZSDFLXSJ . Anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	Yes, I'm also looking for a moderate priced restaurant near the hotel. Can you find one?	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 2 moderately price Indian restaurants and one Italian place in the area. Which type of cuisine do you prefer?	
USER	Definitely Italian, curry gives me gas.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can suggest Pizza Hut in Fen Ditton located in Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket.	restaurant
USER	That sounds great. Thanks.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sweet! Do you need a reservation?	
USER	I do not need a reservation right now.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay, how else can I help then?	
USER	That's all I needed tonight. Thanks for the help.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I am glad to be of service, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.	
USER	Hi, I am looking for a hotel to stay in in east cambridge.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Certainly, there are 6 guesthouses, and one hotel. Do you have any preferences I should include?	
USER	The hotel in question ideally would be in the expensive price range. It doesn't need to have free parking, though.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your best bet would be the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. It is an expensive 2-star hotel in the east area of town with free wifi and free parking.	hotel
USER	If there are not any hotels that do not include free parking then that place will do.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great. How many guests should I make a reservation for and what nights would you like to stay?	
USER	There will be 3 guests for 2 nights starting Sunday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'm sorry, I was unable to book with those constraints, would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?	
USER	Would it be possible to book this for one night?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book one night starting Sunday for 3 guests. Your reference number is 1OOWMJEN . Would you like anything else?	
USER	Yes, I also need a train to Birmingham New Street.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I just need some more information. Where are you departing from? What day and what time do you need to leave and arrive by?	
USER	I would like to depart from cambridge on monday.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 19 available trains. TR6628 leaves at 08:01 and arrives at 10:44. Would you like me to book that for you?	
USER	Yes please, for the same 3 people. And can I have the reference number?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I've completed your booking! The reference number for your train is X4WPOS52 . The total cost is 225.3 GBP and is payable at the station. Can I help with anything else?	
USER	No, that'll be all. Thank you so much for all of your help!	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We are happy to be of help. Thank you for using our service.	
USER	I'm looking for a 3-star lodging with free wifi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have 5 locations with a 3 star rating that offer free wifi, do you prefer a particular area or price range?	
USER	I would like it to be in the west	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The hobsons house is available in that area.	hotel
USER	That sounds like it will work. Can I book that for 3 nights starting Wednesday?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I've booked you a one person stay for 3 nights starting on Wednesday. Your reference number is: Q81KT0VN .	
USER	I also am looking for somewhere to get afternoon tea.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you be interested in a British restaurant then?	
USER	Let's try a Chinese restaurant instead.	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are quite a few Chinese restaurants. Are you you looking for one in the west, like your hotel? Any price range in mind?	
USER	No I'm not too picky. You can just select one for me and then please book a table for 8 people on wednesday at 15:45	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking at the Yu Garden on Wednesday at 15:45 for a party of 8 is confirmed. Your Reference number is : FPL31KWN . Can I help you wroth anything further?	restaurant
USER	That's all for today! Thanks a ton. Bye!	restaurant, hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I hope you have a wonderful meal.	
USER	I am looking for a restaurant with vegetarian food.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What area of town are you looking for?	
USER	Any area of town would be fine.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are no restaurants serving vegetarian food.	
USER	How about european food?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Would you prefer European or modern European food?	
USER	European, please.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There are ten results. Do you have a price range preference?	
USER	No I do not	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Cambridge Lodge Restaurant serves European food and is the expensive price range.	restaurant
USER	Can I have the address and phone number?	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre, postcode C.B 3, 0 d.Q , phone is 01223 355166	
USER	Thank you, goodbye	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome and thank you for calling. Goodbye.	
USER	I would like to visit some colleges or universities in Cambridge. Can you make some recommendations?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	We have 18 colleges open to visitors. Christ's College and Churchill College are popular choices, and they're free to enter.	
USER	Could you please give me the area, address, and postcode for Churchill College?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I can! It is in the west at Storey's Way, postcode cb30ds. Phone 01223336233. Need anything else?	
USER	Yes please. I need a place to crash. I'm thinking a 4 star guesthouse.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I see one place that is a match for you; Finches bed and breakfast on the west side of town (for your convenience) the price is cheap. If you would like I can make you a booking?	hotel
USER	What is the address and post code?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The address is 144 Thornton Road, and the post code is cb30nd. Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	Does that hotel include free wifi?	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes Finches Bed and Breakfast does have free wifi.	
USER	Great that's all I need for now. Thank you so much.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for calling. Have a great day!	
USER	I am planning a trip in Cambridge	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great! What can i help you find?	
USER	place to stay a hotel should have a star of 4 in the West and cheap	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The Cambridge Belfry is the only place that matches all of your criteria. Would you like to reserve a room?	hotel
USER	I'm not sure yet. Does it have free parking?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	It does have free parking and wifi.	
USER	Ok, let's get rooms for 7 people for 5 nights. I'll need it from Monday please.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Your booking was successful and the reference number is C505YX1I . Is there anything else I can do for you?	
USER	Yes, I need a train on Tuesday going to Birmingham New Street. Can you find me one?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Absolutely, What time would you like to leave? And, I assume you will be leaving from Cambridge?	
USER	The train should arrive by 14:15	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok there is one leaving earlier i will book it for and send you the infomation	
USER	Find me places to go in town. I want to go to museum type attractions.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I have 11 museum type locations in the city centre, would you care to see a listing?	
USER	Can you give me the phone number to the closest one to my location?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes the phone number is 01223314960.	
USER	I also need a train to Cambridge departing from Kings Lynn	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	What day are you leaving?	
USER	I am wanting to leave on Sunday after 18:30.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have the TR1526 leaving at 09:11. How many ticket please?	
USER	Oh, I'm not gonna book right now. Do you know how long the trip will take?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	that trip will take 47 minutes. anything else today?	
USER	No thank you	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	If that's all, then I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge! Have a great day.	
USER	I'm looking for a good museum to visit in the center of town. Can you recommend anything?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	There are 11 museums in the centre. The broughton house gallery doesn't have a fee. Would you like more information?	
USER	Yes, please. Can I get the phone number?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	broughton house gallery's phone number is 01223314960	
USER	I also need a train going to Cambridge and need to arrive by 15:30.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	And where will you be departing from?	
USER	I am departing from norwich on Tuesday.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	TR2098 will arrive in Cambridge at 14:35 on Tuesday. Would you like to book passage on that train?	
USER	No thank you. Could you just tell me the departure time?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, it leaves at 13:16.	
USER	Thanks for being so helpful. That is all I need today. Bye.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome, have a great day!	
USER	Hello, I would to know about some places to go in Cambridge. I'd like to do something on a boat, if possible.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Ok, there are four options. Two are in the centre, one is in the east and one is in the north.	
USER	Let's try the one in the north. What is the entrance fee?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I have a listing for riverboat georgina in the north is that okay?	attraction
USER	Yes, can I get the postcode and entrance fee?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, the postcode is cb43ax and the entrance fee is not known at this time.	
USER	Thank you I also need a train that will depart from cambridge and should go to leicester.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I have several trains available. What day will you be traveling and when would you like to leave and arrive?	
USER	I need the train to leave after 13:00 on Monday. Tell me if any fit this description. I need to know the arrival time and train ID as well.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Train TR6799 leaves Cambridge at 13:21 and arrives at Leicester at 15:06. Will that work for you?	
USER	Yes, that's perfect! Could I have the arrival time and train ID please?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	The train id number is TR6799 and the arrival time is 15:06. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?	
USER	No thank you, looking forward to my time here. Have a great day.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, please enjoy your time in Cambridge. Thanks for letting me help you today. Bye.	
USER	Help me arrange for a taxi to tandoori palace	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright. What time do you want to leave by?	
USER	I'd like to leave after 16:30, please.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking is done. Your car is a white tesla and contact number is 072411211316	
USER	Great. That's all for today. Thanks	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Have a good time!	
USER	I'm looking for a train for my trip to Cambridge. I need it to leave on Monday and to depart from Peterborough. Can you give me some times?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure, there are plenty of available time starting at 05:19 and going all day. Was there a particular time of day you wanted to depart?	
USER	I want to arrive at or a little before 12:15, please.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR0919 leaves Peterborough at 11:19 and arrives at 12:09. Would you like to book seats on that one?	
USER	How long is the travel time. My math is not the best.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	My math isn't the best either but the travel duration is 50 minutes. I can help you book a seat on the TR0919 if you'd like.	
USER	I am also looking for a hotel called Archway House.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Archway house is a guesthouse located in the north part of town in the moderate price range at 52 gilbert road	
USER	I need it for one person, 3 nights and starting on Monday.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Reference number is : LMABMGNI . Do you need anything else?	
USER	No thank you. That's it.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Alright. Have a great day.	
USER	Thanks, you too.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you. Goodbye.	
USER	I'm looking for a train headed to Cambridge.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	When and where would you like to depart?	
USER	I would like to depart from Stevenage on Wednesday.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there a particular time you would like to leave or arrive by?	
USER	I would like to arrive by 8:30.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	There is one options available TR9448, leaves at 05:54 and arrives at 06:43.	
USER	Okay, could you tell me the price?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The 5:54 train is 12.80 pounds.	
USER	Can you book it for me and send me the reference number?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 26GRQWBX .	
USER	I am also looking for the attraction, Tenpin.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Tenpin is in the south. The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way.	
USER	Is there an entrance fee?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	My database does not have that information currently available. Would you like the phone number so you can call and ask?	
USER	Are you sure? I've always been able to get that information from this system. Can you check again please?	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Our system does not provide the entrance fee for tenpin. You don't have much experience with this system do you?	
USER	Yeah, my first time taking a trip here, sorry. Im sure the fee is no big deal, thank you so much for your help.	attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Thank you for using our service today!	
USER	Hi there, I've just started planning my trip. Can you help me find a restaurant?	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I would be happy to assist you. Is there a price range you prefer, or a type of cuisine?	
USER	I am looking for a moderately priced chinese restaurant.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What area of town would you like to dine in?	
USER	I'm sorry, I just thought of a restaurant I had forgotten about. I would like to dine at a particular restaurant called Shiraz Restaurant.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have no matching restaurants. Can I help you find something else?	
USER	I also need a train ticket.	restaurant, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I'll be happy to assist with that, but I'll need some additional information. What is your destination and departure point? Also, when will you be traveling?	
USER	I'll be heading to the airport on Friday after finishing up sightseeing here.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I actually did find Shiraz Restaurant. Great Mediterranean place. Can I book a table before we work on your train?	restaurant
USER	Oh perfect! Can I have a table for 8 people at 19:00 on thursday	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 4JP4LX3W .	
USER	Alright, would you like to continue finding a train?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I just want to confirm. You need a train on Friday from Cambridge to Stansted Airport. What time would you like to depart? This is a 28 minute train ride.	
USER	I want one that gets there by 16:00	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I've booked on TR1316 friday leaving cambridge 14:40 arriving at stansted airport at 15:08 cost is 10.10 pounds, referenece E0X8YVGZ . Is there anything else I can help you with?	
USER	Can you please confirm the travel time?	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The travel time is 28 minutes.	
USER	OK, thanks for everything.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	I don't need anything else.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a great trip.	
USER	Thank you for your help.	restaurant, train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Thanks again for letting us help you! Enjoy your visit! Goodbye.	
USER	I am looking for King's College.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, King's College is in the centre and located on King's Parade. Their phone number is 01223331100.	
USER	Thank you!	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	May I help you with any thing else?	
USER	Yes. Do you know what their entrance fee is? Also, I need some help finding an Italian restaurant in the centre area.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	It is free admission into the King's college. Sure I can help with that. What is your price range?	
USER	I don't have a price range preference.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There is pizza express it's moderately priced, would you like more information or for me to book it for you?	restaurant
USER	Yes please. I would like the reservation for Thursday at 15:00 for 2 people.	restaurant, attraction, train, bus, police, hotel, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	I was able to book your table. The Reference number is : WA5JKA4G . Is there anything else you needed?	
USER	I also need a taxi to travel between King's College and the restaurant.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking completed! Booked car type : blue tesla Contact number : 07982639539	
USER	That was all I needed, thank you.	taxi, restaurant, attraction, bus, police, hotel, train, hospital
SYSTEM	thanks for using our services and welcome anytime	
USER	I need to take a train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross, it would need to be after 10.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay. What day will you be traveling?	
USER	On Friday after 10.	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The TR1502 leaves friday at 11:00.	
USER	Yes, that will be great. How much does a ticket cost?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	A ticket is 23.60 pounds.	
USER	Can you also give me the travel time?	train, taxi, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The travel time is 51 minutes.	
USER	Thanks! Can you also see if there are any expensive, 4-star guesthouses in the north area of town?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What you are looking for can not be found. Is there any other area you would mind searching in?	
USER	No I want to stay in that area. What other hotel accomadations are in the area?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Avalon is a moderate priced 4 star guesthouse in the north part of town. It has free internent. Would you like more information or can I book it for you?	hotel
USER	Can you book it for 4 people and 4 nights starting from Monday?	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful.Reference number is : 1VF2W9YC .	
USER	Thank you! That is all.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You're welcome. Call back if you need further bookings or assistance.	
USER	I need a 5 star luxury hotel with a jacuzzi.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I am sorry but I am not finding any hotels that fit your needs.	
USER	What about an expensive, 4 star hotel?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I have two for you to choose from. I have the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west, and the University Arms Hotel in the centre of town.	
USER	Does either one have free parking?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Yes, they both offer free parking, and are expensive four star hotels. Would you prefer the centre area or the west area?	
USER	I guess the centre. Can you reserve 2 nights starting Saturday? There are 8 of us.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Unfortunately, neither location can accommodate your request, would you like to try for a different length length of time?	
USER	Yes. Is either one available for just one night?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	The marriott worked. Your reference number is NNFT47MW .	hotel
USER	Thank you, that is all I need. Toodles.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Have a fun stay. Bye.	
USER	I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge, moderate price for a hotel.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Are there any amenities that you are looking for? Parking? Internet?	
USER	I'd like free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	What area would you like to stay in?	
USER	I don't really have a preference for area. But I would like it to be a hotel rather than a guesthouse. And I would love free parking.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	We have ashley hotel and lovell lodge, shall I book you for one of the two?	
USER	I need it for 7 people. 5 nights starting Sunday.	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Which of the 2 hotels should I book for you?	
USER	How about the Ashley Hotel?	hotel, taxi, train, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful. Reference number is L1S8JNAC . Do you need anything else?	
USER	I am also looking for a train departing from stansted airport going to cambridge on sunday. I need to leave after 19:30.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	TR2021 is leaving at 20:24 would that work for you?	
USER	Yes, please make a booking for my group. We'll all be traveling together.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Booking was successful, the total fee is 56.56 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : EZIAXWCQ . Can I help you with anything else?	
USER	Thank you that is all I needed today.	hotel, train, taxi, bus, police, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great! I'm glad I could be of help. Have a good day.	
USER	I am staying in the west part of cambridge and would like to know about some places to go.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	I have several attractions in the west for you. Is there a certain type you have in mind?	
USER	No, what would you recommend?	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	i suggest queens college in the silver street. you want the address?	attraction
USER	I would like the phone number and the post code please.	attraction, taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, hospital
SYSTEM	Sure! The phone number is 01223335511 and the postcode is cb39et. Is there anything else I can help you with today?	
USER	I need a 3 star guesthouse in the same area. Does not need to include internet.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	There is a guesthouse named Hobsons House located in the west with 3 stars. It is moderately priced and has internet and parking. Would you like this one booked?	
USER	No thank you. I just needed the information. That's all I need.	hotel, attraction, train, bus, police, restaurant, taxi, hospital
SYSTEM	Great! Have a good day!	
USER	I need a taxi. I'll be departing the Fitzwilliam museum and need to arrive by 20:15	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	I can reserve that for you. Where is your destination?	
USER	I am heading to restaurant one seven.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Okay a white honda will be picking you up and the contact number is 07631927676. What else can I help you with?	
USER	That is all that I need thanks.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	Great, thank you for using our service!	
USER	Thanks for your help. Bye.	taxi, train, bus, police, hotel, restaurant, attraction, hospital
SYSTEM	You are welcome. Have a great day. Bye.	
